"","x"
"1","An elderly man was killed when a trolley hit a human hauler on Satkhira-Debhata road in Kulia Bazar in Debhata upazila on Thursday.

The deceased was identified as Shahidul Gazi, 62, a resident of Palashpole area in the district town.

Syed Mannan Ali, officer-in-charge of Debhata Police Station, said Shahidul Gazi died on the spot when he fell on the road from a human hauler after being hit by a trolley around 9:30 pm.

On information, police recovered the body and sent it to a local hospital morgue. A senior official of Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) died after being hit by a container in Kamlapur Railway Station in the city on Tuesday night, reports UNB.
The deceased is Md Abu Zafar. He was a sergeant of communication and MIS wing of RAB Headquarter.
The accident took place in the railway station while he was receiving the goods for RAB officials around 8:00pm, leaving him critically injured, said RAB headquarter.
Later he was admitted to Combined Military Hospital where the duty doctor declared him dead around 8:30pm. Two motorcyclists were killed as a truck hit their vehicle on Rajshahi-Dhaka highway in Tarapur area of Puthia upazila on Sunday morning.

The deceased were identified as Emon Ali, son of Jeker Ali, resident of Boiragipara area and Sujon Islam, 26, son of Nazrul Islam, resident of Tokipur area of Rajshahi city.

Sub-inspector Mostafizur Rahman of Poba Highway Police outpost said a Natore-bound goods-laden truck hit the motorcycle around 8am, leaving Emon dead on the spot and Sujon critically injured.

The injured was taken to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital where doctors declared him dead. A school girl was crushed under the wheels of a truck in Katakhali area of Sadar upazila on Monday morning.

The deceased was identified as Bonna Khatun, 13, daughter of Billal Hossain of Mohishadanga village in Sadar upazila and also a class VII student in a local school.

Sirajul Islam, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station, said the truck hit Bonna while she was crossing the road on way to her school, leaving her dead on the spot.

Police detained the truck driver and seized the truck, he added. A college student was killed as a bus hit his bicycle at Shiromoni Badamtola in the city on Sunday night.

The deceased was identified as Mohammad Shakil, son of Rahman and a 11th class student of Cantonment College.

Assistant Sub-inspector Shawkat Ali of Khan Jahan Ali Police Station said the accident took place around 10:45 pm when a bus of ‘Hanif Paribahan’ hit the bicycle riding by him, leaving Shakil dead on the spot. A cattle trader was killed in a head-on collision between a track and a human hauler on Kushtia-Rajshahi highway in Talebari area of Ramipur upazila on Thursday morning.

The deceased was identified as Majnu of Naoda Shamukhi village in Talabari union of the upazila.

The accident took place when a speeding truck hit Majnu’s vehicle filled up with cattle on the way to Kustia in the morning, said Md Rafikul Islam, office-in-charge of Mirpur Police Station.

Locals rescued the victim in critical conditions and taken to Kushtia General Hospital where the duty doctors declared him dead, the OC added.

Meanwhile, police could not arrest anyone in this connection as the truck driver and his helper managed to flee with the truck immediately after the incident. Three people were killed when an unknown vehicle rammed a CNG run auto-rickshaw at Hatia in Kalihati upazila on Friday.

One of the deceased was identified as auto-rickshaw driver Sabur Mia, 35, son of Akter Ali of Sarpalshia in Bhuapur upazila, while the identities of two others could not be known yet.

Mosharraf Hossain, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge East Police Station, said the accident took place around 6 am when the Northern districts- bound vehicle hit the CNG run auto-rickshaw, leaving its driver dead on the spot and two passengers injured.

The injured were taken to Tangail General Hospital where the doctors declared them dead. The hit-and-run occurred on Friday morning

 
Three people have been killed in an incident where an unknown vehicle knocked over a CNG-run autorickshaw in Hatia area, under Kalihati upazila of Tangail district. 

Of the deceased, one was identified as Sobur Mia, 35, son of late Akhter Ali of Polisha village.

Bangabandhu Bridge (East) police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Mosharaf Hossain told the Dhaka Tribune: “The autorickshaw driver died on the spot in the accident that occurred on Friday morning.

“Two of the injured were taken to Tangail General Hospital where the doctors declared them dead— around 9am.” A couple was killed as a speeding truck hit their motorbike on Shariatpur-Madaripur highway at Kashipur in Sadar upazila on Friday morning.

The deceased were identified as Mithun Mondol, 30, and his wife Nandi Rani, 25, of Charsonamukhi village of the upazila.

Moniruzzaman, officer-in-charge of Palang Model police station, said the speeding truck hit the motorbike around 10am, leaving the couple dead on the spot.

On information, police rushed in and seized the killer truck but its driver managed to flee the scene.

A case was filed with the police station. Three more construction workers who were injured in a road accident in Mollahat upazila on Thursday evening died at a Khulna hospital on Friday, taking the death from the accident to four.

The deceased are Jahangir Hossain, 35, Manjur Sheikh, 55, Rana Sheikh, 24, and Rubel Sheikh, 30, of Charkandi village in the upazila.

Sub-inspector of Katakhali Highway Police Station Moloy Roy said a bus crashed into a trolley carrying a group of construction workers at Berboalia on Dhaka-Mawa highway in Mollahat around 7:15pm on Thursday.

The accident left Rubel dead on the spot and 14 others injured.

The injured were first taken to Mollahat Upazila Health Complex from where some of them were sent to Khulna Medical College Hospital (KMCH).

Three of the injured succumbed to their injuries at the KMCH in the early hours of Friday, said the police officer.

He said they seized the bus after the accident but its driver and his helper managed to flee. Three were killed in Tangail, two in Shariatpur and one in Panchagarh
Six people have been killed in separate road accidents in Tangail, Shariatpur and Panchagarh.
In Tangail, three people were killed after an autorickshaw was hit by a yet to be identified vehicle in Kalihati Upazila’s Hatia on Friday morning. 
One of the victims has been identified as Sobur Mia, 35.
The autorickshaw driver was killed on the spot, said Bangabandhu Bridge (East) police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Mosharaf Hossain.
“Two of the injured were taken to Tangail General Hospital but doctors pronounced both of them dead around 9am,” he told the Dhaka Tribune.
In Shariatpur, a couple – identified as Mithun Mondol, 32, and Nandita Mondol, 24 – was killed on the spot when the motorcycle they were riding on collided head-on with a truck.
Mithun was taking his wife to see a doctor in Madaripur when the accident took place at Kashipur.
Family sources said he had been living in Italy for a decade and only returned home about two weeks ago.
In Panchagarh, a JSC candidate was killed and three others injured when a motorcycle rammed into a battery-run autorickshaw on the Debiganj-Panchagarh road in the Baburhat area.
The deceased, Sohel Rana, was travelling to the Debiganj Nipendra Narayan Government High School centre with two of his classmates – Yunus Ali Shahin and Hamidul Islam – to take the exam.
His motorcycle hit a three-wheeler head-on. The three JSC candidates and the autorickshaw driver –Alim – sustained serious injuries, said Tepriganj Union Parishad Chairman Md Golam Rahman Sarkar.
Locals took Sohel to Debiganj Upazila Health Complex, but doctors decided to send him to Rangpur Medical College Hospital for better treatment. He succumbed to his injuries on the way.
Debiganj police station Officer-in-Charge Robiul Hasan Sarkar said the JSC candidates were not wearing helmets. 
“We suspect that reckless driving caused the accident,” he added. The accident occurred on Friday morning on Bridge-11 on the Bangabandhu Bridge route of the Dhaka-Tangail Highway in the Upazila’s Hatia, said Bangabandhu Bridge East Police Station SI Md Noor-e-Alam Siddique.

One of the victims has been identified as 35-year-old autorickshaw driver Sobur Miah. The identities of the other two have yet to be confirmed.

The autorickshaw was headed from the Bangabandhu Bridge East area to Elenga, said SI Noor-e-Alam. The vehicle was then rammed by a car, killing the autorickshaw driver on the spot and injuring the two other passengers.

“The two were rescued and admitted to Tangail General Hospital, where they later died of their injuries.” Three more construction workers who were injured in a road accident in Bagerhat's Mollahat upazila on Thursday died at a Khulna hospital on Friday, increasing the death toll from the accident to four, reports UNB.

The deceased were Jahangir Hossain, 35, Manjur Sheikh, 55, Rana Sheikh, 24, and Rubel Sheikh, 30, of Charkandi village in the upazila.

Sub-inspector of Katakhali highway police station, Moloy Roy, said a bus crashed into a trolley carrying a group of construction workers at Berboalia on Dhaka-Mawa highway in Mollahat around 7:15pm on Thursday.

The accident left Rubel dead on the spot and 14 others injured.

The injured were first taken to Mollahat Upazila Health Complex from where some of them were sent to Khulna Medical College Hospital (KMCH).

Three of the injured succumbed to their injuries at the KMCH in the early hours of Friday, said the police officer.

He said they seized the bus after the accident but its driver and his assistant managed to flee. In Feni, two people were killed and 15 others injured in a bus accident in the Sadar Upazila on Sunday morning
At least eight people were killed and many others injured in several road accidents on roads across the country on Saturday night and Sunday morning.
In Feni, two people were killed and 15 others injured in a bus accident in the Sadar Upazila on Sunday morning.
The deceased were identified as Amin, and Siddiqur Rahman, both aged 55.
The accident took place on the Dhaka-Chittagong Highway in the south Chunnua area of the upazila, said SI Mahbubur Rahman of the Muhuriganj Highway Police Outpost.
The injured were all admitted to the Feni Sadar Hospital.
SI Mahabubur said, “A Hillbird Paribahan bus was plying from Feni to Khagrachhari. On the way, the driver lost control of the vehicle and hit a road divider, overturning the bus. Two passengers died on the spot.”
Police seized the bus and sent the bodies to the hospital morgue for autopsy after the accident was reported, he added.
In Gopalganj, a man was killed in a road accident in the Tungipara upazila of Goplganj on Sunday morning.
Son of Mumrej Munshi, deceased Limon Munshi, 24, was a resident in the upazila. He was an employee in Rupali Bank's Tungipara branch. 
A bus hit a human hauler in Gimadanga Natunbazar area at noon, leaving four of the latter's passengers including Limon injured, said Enamul Kabir, officer-in-charge of Tungipara police station. 
Limon was declared dead at the Tungipara Upazila Health Complex.
In Savar, a bus driver was killed in an accident on the Aricha-Dhaka Highway in Savar on Sunday morning.
The deceased was identified as Din Islam, 27, son Abu Sayed of Nateshhar village. He was a driver of the Savar Paribahan Service.
Savar Model Police Station Officer-in-Charge Saogatul Alam said a speedy bus hit Din Islam, leaving him dead while he was passing by on a rickshaw.
A case was filed in this connection, he said.
In Gaibandaha, a motorcyclist was killed in Gobindaganj Health Complex area in the district when a speedy bus hit his bike in the morning.
The deceased was identified as Abdul Hamid, 60, son of Emarat Ali of the Chakmanikpur village.
Gobindaganj Highway police station Officer-in-Charge Akteruzzaman confirmed the incident.
In Barisal, three people were killed and four others injured after a battery operated three-wheeler was hit by a coal laden truck in the district.
The deceased were identified as Rahat, 20, a three wheeler driver, Ahad Amin Khan Rupam, 26, section officer at the Babuganj campus of the veterinary medicine faculty of the Patuakhali Science and Technology University, and Parvez, 28.
Abdur Rahman Mukul, officer-in-charge (OC) of the Barisal Airport police station said the accident took place near the Khudrakathi area on the Rahmatpur–Mirganj road under the Barisal Airport police station. A woman was killed when a bus knocked down her at Chandpur in Sadar uapzila on Wednesday.
The deceased Mamtaz Begum was a vegetable vendor.
Mostafizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station, said the accident took place in the area when a bus hit her while crossing the road in the morning on her way to a wholesale vegetable market, leaving her dead on the spot.
Being informed, police recovered the body and sent it to Sadar Hospital morgue. An elderly couple was killed following head-on collision between a goods-laden truck and an engine-run van at Toildhara Bhatabari intersection in Safipur upazila of Tangail on Wednesday, reports UNB.

The deceased is Motiur Rahman, 85, a retired school teacher and his wife Achia Khatun, 75, residents of Indarjani area.

Safipur police station officer-in-charge Amir Hossain said that when Motiur along his wife was going Safipur upazila headquarters to collect his pension, the truck hit the vehicle, leaving five people, including the couple injured.

The injured were taken to SafipurUpazila Health Complex where physicians declared the duo dead.

Police seized the truck. A man was killed in a road accident while saving a child by pushing him out of path of an oncoming ambulance on Navaran-Satkhira highway at Satmail in Sharsha upazila on Friday.

The deceased was identified as Hussain Ali, 40, son of Lutfor Ali, a resident of the area and a businessman by profession.

Victim’s brother Zahidul said the accident took place at noon when his brother was trying to save a child from being hit by a speeding ambulance but sustained injuries.

Locals took him to a nearby clinic from where he was transferred to Jashore General Hospital as his condition deteriorated, but succumbed to his injuries around 05:10 pm, said Dr Rahitosh Das, a physician of the hospital. A van-puller was killed when a truck hit his van on Dhaka-Aricha highway in Genda area here on Friday.

Police said Jamal Hossain, the van-puller of ‘Nur Mahal Bakery’, shop died on the spot when a speedy truck hit the van in the morning.

On information, police recovered the body and sent it to local hospital morgue.

However, the truck driver managed to flee the scene A man was killed and ten others were injured when a bus overturned at Haripur in Paba upazila on Friday.

The deceased was identified as Shawkat Ali, 30.

The accident took place around 8:30 am when the Chapainawabganj-bound bus of ‘Desh Travels’ from Dhaka hit a roadside tree and turned turtle, leaving Shawkat dead on the spot and ten others injured, said Abdul Latif, officer-in-charge of Damkura Police Station.

The injured were taken to a local hospital. A traffic constable died after being hit by a CNG-run auto-rickshaw while he was performing duty at Baroihat Pouro Bazar in Mirsharai upazia on Sarurday night.

The deceased was identified as Nurul Amin, 58, son of late Hasan Ali, hailing from Rampur village in Parshuram upazila of Feni district. 

Sub-inspector Abid Ali of Jorarganj Police Station said the auto-rickshaw hit Nurul while he was performing duty in front of Gacch around 7:45 pm, leaving him critically injured.

Later, he was taken to Mirsharai Upazila Health Complex where the duty doctors declared him dead around 9 pm. Two people were killed and four others injured as a pick-up van hit them in Saidabad area of Sadar upazila on Sunday morning.

The deceased were identified as Jahangir Hossain, 30, son of Abdus Sattar and Shamim, 32, son of Anwar Sheikh, resident of Jarila Porabari village of the upazila. All of them were workers of Sirajganj Power Plant.

Syed Shahid Alam, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge West Thana, said a group of workers were standing beside the Bangabandhu Bridge West Link Highway for boarding on a vehicle to return home around 7am after overnight work at the plant.

At one stage, the reckless pick-up van hit them, leaving Jahangir and Shamim dead on the spot and four others injured.

The injured were admitted to Bangamata Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib General Hospital. The accident occurred in the upazila’s Lahiri Hat area around 11:30am, said Kotwali Police OC ABM Sajedul Islam.

The two vehicles collided head-on, killing three on the spot, he said. They have yet to be identified.

Police rescued the injured and sent them to Rangpur Medical College Hospital.
 A Primary Education Completion (PEC) examinee was killed and a minor girl injured in a collision between a human hauler and a CNG-run auto-rickshaw in Port Colony area on Monday morning.

The deceased was identified as Sumona Akhter, 12.

Assistant sub inspector Alauddin of Chittagong Medical College Hospital police outpost, said the auto-rickshaw collided with the human hauler (locally named as Tomtom) around 9am, leaving Sumona and minor girl Pinky Akhter critically injured.

Later, they were rushed to the hospital where doctors declared Sumona dead. A young man was killed and two other people were injured as a motorcycle overturned on the road after hitting a pedestrian at Bornalir intersection in the city on Sunday night.
 
The deceased was identified as Imran, 20, son of Rentu of Laxmipur Bhatpara area.
 
Rafiqul Islam, an assistant sub-inspector of Rajshahi Medical College Hospital police outpost, said the accident took place around 10pm as the motorcycle moving with Imran and another youth skidded off the road for reckless driving after hitting a female pedestrian, leaving Imran and the pedestrian critically injured.
 
The injured were taken to the local hospital where doctors declared Imran dead. A man was killed as a truck collided head-on with a motor-cycle at Bhimpur area of Panchbibi upazila on Joypurhat-Hili road on Wednesday.

The deceased was identified as Saiful Islam, 41, son of Pashka Mandal of Chechra village in the upazila.

Officer-in-charge of Panchbibi Police Station a Dinajpur bound truck collided head-on with a motor-cycle at Bhimpur area killing the motor-cycle rider on the spot.

The body has been sent to Sadar Hospital for autopsy. An elderly man was killed after being knocked down by a bus at Akhrakhola in Sadar upazila on Thursday.

The deceased was identified as Ali Hossain Sultan, 65, of Patharghata village in the upazila.

Mostafizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station, said a bus of Dhaka-bound ‘AK Taravels’ from Satkhira hit Sultan in the morning, leaving him dead on the spot.

Locals caught the bus driver and handed its driver Ashraful Patowari, son of Nandar Box and his helper Yeasir Arafat, son of Ziad Ali, to police.

Later, police recovered the body and sent it to Sadar Hospital morgue for autopsy. An elderly man was killed after being knocked down by a bus at Akhrakhola, Satkhira on Thursday, reports UNB.

The deceased was Ali Hossain Sultan, 65, of Patharghata village in the upazila.

Mostafizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of sadar police station, said a bus of Dhaka-bound 'AK Taravels' from Satkhira hit Sultan in the morning, leaving him dead on the spot.

Locals caught the bus driver and handed its driver Ashraful Patowari, son of Nandar Box and his helper Yeasir Arafat, son of Ziad Ali, to police.

Later, police recovered the body and sent it to Sadar Hospital morgue for autopsy. Two people were killed and three others injured when a truck rammed a covered van on Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Lemua bridge in Sadar upazila on Friday, reports UNB.


The identities of the deceased could not be known immediately.

Akbar Hossain, sub-inspector of Highway police camp, said the Chattogram-bound truck from Dhaka hit the covered van from behind around 6am, leaving the truck driver and his helper dead on the spot and three others injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital. Four people were killed and 31 others injured in road accidents in four districts yesterday, according to reports from our correspondents.
Our Savar correspondent reports, wife and son of footballer Sohel Rana were killed and he was injured as a truck hit their motorbike on Dhaka-Aricha highway in Noyarhat area of Savar.
The midfielder of Sheikh Russel Krira Chakra was travelling from his ancestral home in Manikganj to their Bashundhara residence in Dhaka.
Javed Masud, officer-in-charge (investigation) of Ashulia Police Station, said Arfin Akter Jhuma, 24, and her four-year-old son Abdullah died instantly around 2:00pm.
A bus remains overturned after it veered off Sreepur-Mawna road in Fakirbari area yesterday. Photo: Star
Rana was treated at Gonoshasthaya Kendra in Savar. The bodies were handed over to the family
Our Gazipur correspondent reports, a bus veered off a road and overturned in Gazipur, injuring 10 of its passengers.
Witnesses said the accident occurred on Sreepur-Mawna road near Fakirbari mosque around 7:00am.
The bus with 15 to 16 passengers, all garment workers, was going to their workplace “Pioneer Garment Factory Ltd” at Square Masterbari in Mymensingh from Patka area in Sreepur of Gazipur, said fire service.
Abul Kalam, one of the passengers who escaped unhurt, said the driver lost control over the steering while the vehicle was crossing a culvert.
The bus hired by the factory authorities was used to carry the RMG workers, said the passengers.
Its driver was not found after the accident, said witnesses.
Six of the injured were admitted to Sreepur Upazila Health Complex. Of them, four are Riad Hossen, 18, Nahid Alam, 21, Sadiqul Islam, 37, and Azizul Haque, 35, said Dr Sumaiya Akter.
Locals took two to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital. The other injured received primary treatment, she added.
UNB adds, a farmer was killed as a human-haulier overturned in Jethua village of Tala upazila in Satkhira.
The deceased -- Gour Chandra Ghosh, 55, son of Chandra Ghosh -- was from the village.
Russel Mehedi, officer-in-charge of Tala Police Station, said the vehicle carrying Gour turned upside down on a road while he was going to a field to bring paddy, leaving him dead on the spot.
On information, police recovered the body.
In Habiganj, a man was killed and 20 others were injured as a bus fell into a ditch beside Dhaka-Sylhet highway at Natun Bazar in Nabiganj upazila.
The deceased -- Safi Kamal Chowdhury, 40, son of Dr Muzibur Rahman of Bahubal upazila -- was a medical officer of Chevron Bangladesh.
The accident took place around 9:30am when a Sylhet-bound bus “Sylhet Express” from Habiganj was passing through the spot, said police.
Safi Kamal died on the spot, said Sub-Inspector Nazrul Islam of Sherpur Highway Police.
On information, police recovered the body and took the injured to MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital, the SI added. A man was killed and 20 people were injured as a bus tumbled into a ditch on Dhaka-Sylhet Highway at Natun Bazar in Nabiganj upazila on Saturday morning.

The deceased was identified as Safi Kamal Chowdhury, 40, medical officer of Chevron Bangladesh and son of Dr Muzibur Rahman of Bahubal upazila here.

The accident took place around 9:30am when a Sylhet-bound ‘Sylhet Express' bus from Habiganj plunged into a roadside ditch, leaving him dead on the spot and 20 people injured, said sub-inspector Md Nazrul Islam of Sherpur Highway Police.

On information, police recovered the body and took the injured to MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital, the SI added.


Accident One person died and at least twenty-five people were injured at a road accident at the Debpara area of Nabiganj Upazila of Habiganj along the Dhaka-Sylhet highway.

The deceased has been identified as Shafee Ahmed Chowdhury (35). 

The fire-service and police have already started their joint rescue mission.

The police said that one person was spot-dead and atleast 25 people were injured when a passenger bus heading towards Sylhet from Habiganj turned turtle and fell in to a pit at Nabiganj  around 9 am on Saturday. 

The locals took the injured people to the Nabiganj Upazila Health Complex for treatment.

The Sherpur Highway Sub-Inspector (SI) Nazrul Islam verified the authenticity of the accident.

He said that though the police have already started their work on rescuing the casualties, the number of deceased may increase. 
The injured are workers from Pioneer Apparels Ltd
Ten readymade garments (RMG) workers have been injured as a bus turned turtle on Sreepur- Mawna road in Gazipur.
The injured are workers from Pioneer Apparels Ltd.  
Mawna Fire Service Station Officer Al-Amin said the bus turned turtle when its driver lost his control over the steering around 7am on Saturday.
Later, the locals rescued the workers. 
Sreepur Upazila Health Complex on duty doctor Sumaiya Akhtar said: “Four injured were brought to the hospital. Of them, Riyad Hossain and Nahid Alam were admitted while two others - Sadikul Islam and Azizul Haque --were sent to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital.”
The other six workers were given primary treatment at a local pharmacy. A farmer was killed as a human hauler overturned at Jethua village in Tala upazila on Saturday morning. 

The deceased was identified as Gour Chandra Ghosh, 55, son of Chandra Ghosh of the village. 

Russel Mehedi, officer-in-charge of Tala Police Station, said the human hauler carrying Gour  overturned on the road when he was going to a field to bring paddy, leaving him dead on the spot. 

On information, police recovered the body. A man was killed and 20 people were injured as a bus tumbled into a ditch on Dhaka-Sylhet Highway at Natun Bazar in Nabiganj upazila on Saturday morning.

The deceased was identified as Safi Kamal Chowdhury, 40, medical officer of Chevron Bangladesh and son of Dr Muzibur Rahman of Bahubal upazila here.

The accident took place around 9:30am when a Sylhet-bound ‘Sylhet Express' bus from Habiganj plunged into a roadside ditch, leaving him dead on the spot and 20 people injured, said sub-inspector Md Nazrul Islam of Sherpur Highway Police.

On information, police recovered the body and took the injured to MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital, the SI added. Three madrasa students on a motorcycle were killed in a head-on collision with an oil-laden truck on Chattogram-Khagrachhari highway in Fatikchhari upazila on Sunday night.

The deceased were identified as Md Arif, 16, Masud, 15, and Minhaj, 16, residents of Paindong Union of the upazila, said union parishad chairman Sarwar Shopan.

Quoting witnesses, Chittagong Medical College Hospital in-charge Jaharul Islam, said the accident took place when the motorcycle carrying the trio collided with the truck around 7:45pm, leaving Arif dead on the spot and two others injured.

Later, they were taken to the hospital where doctor declared them dead around 8:30 pm, he added. When it comes to unnatural deaths of children, road accident is the second biggest killer, right after drowning, but there is no specific government policy or action for preventing this or educating children about traffic rules.

Road safety has caused quite a stir in the country recently but children dying on roads did not get specific attention. And the number of child casualties on roads has been increasing over the years, according to Bangladesh Shishu Adhikar Forum, a child rights group.

At least 549 children were killed and 79 injured in road crashes in the first 10 months of this year, a sharp rise from 357 of entire 2017, it added.

The Forum, a platform of 269 non-government organisations working for child rights, said according to the data it compiled based on media reports, death by drowning topped the list, 573 between January and October this year.

Abdus Shahid Mahmood, director of the Forum, said discussions on different child issues were common but children's death on roads never came to the fore.


“We all know that a large number of people are killed in road accidents but most of us are unaware that many of the victims are children,” he told The Daily Star.

“More worryingly the number of victims [children] is increasing day by day. It should have been a major issue, but sadly many people don't even know this,” he added. 

The lack of education about traffic rules among the minors is the main reason behind such a huge number of deaths, he said, stressing the need for creating awareness among them about road signs and other traffic rules.

“It is quite natural that children would not know traffic laws. Many adults also don't know the rules because in our education system these issues are not taught at the elementary level,” he added.

Apart from death, many children become disable permanently, becoming a burden on their families. Many have to take up begging for a living, activists say. 

Around half the road accident victims in the country are pedestrians, said Shahriar Parvez, a lecturer at the Accident Research Institute (ARI) at Buet.

Most of the accidents happen in rural areas where roads lack space for pedestrians, he added.  

“Many children in rural areas go to school on foot and that's why they are more vulnerable to road accidents,” he told this newspaper.

Schoolchildren in city and town areas are vulnerable to accidents at intersections.

Most students are not aware of traffic laws, he said, citing a study done in 2016.

“In many countries, these issues are incorporated in textbooks at school level. But it is yet to be adopted in our country,” he said.

The ARI has developed a booklet on the dos and don'ts on streets for children which can be distributed in schools, Shahriar said, adding that a proposal has already been sent to the government.

Existing textbooks do contain some information but those are not enough, he said.

The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has directed the National Curriculum and Textbook Board (NCTB) to incorporate the rules in textbooks, he added.

However, a top NCTB official said the PMO was yet to issue an official directive.

“Once we get the directive, we will start the groundwork to incorporate the matter in the curriculum from 2020,” said the official, wishing not to be named. Two teachers were killed as a speeding truck hit the motorcycle they were in  on the Bagerhat-Mawa highway at Joydihi village in Mollahat Upazila on Wednesday night.

The deceased were identified as Rafiqul Islam, 45, assistant teacher of Sorospur Government Primary School and Baharul Alam Molla, 43, of Sorospur Dakkhinpara Government Primary School, both hailing from Sorospur village.

Sub-inspector of Katakhali Highway Police Camp Malay Ray said the truck hit the motorcycle around 10pm at the place, leaving the duo severely injured.

The injured were taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital where duty doctors declared them dead around 10:30pm. Five women were killed and 23 other people injured in a collision among three vehicles on the eastern side of Bangabandhu Bridge at Kodda intersection in sadar upazila on Thursday.

The identities of the deceased could not be known immediately.



Snigdha Akter, additional superintendent of police, said a Dhaka-bound ‘Alif  Paribahan’ bus hit a bus from behind as its driver lost control over steering while a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction crashed into the two buses around 11:30 am, leaving five people dead on the spot and 23 others injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital. Underage boys working as driver or assistants on public transports in major cities are a common scene, which reflects the utter disregard for both transport and labour laws. 
As they drive with immature and inexperienced minds, they often violate major road safety directions and endanger lives of people every day, observe road safety experts. 
They have called for strict monitoring and enforcement of law so that these teenagers cannot work as drivers and assistants. 
Teen drivers and assistants of drivers, merely aged 13 or 14 years, now dominate the busy roads of the capital and the port city of Chattogram but law enforcers seem to turn a blind eye to this widespread violation of laws. 
The existing Motor Vehicles Ordinance 1983 does not allow any person under 20 years to drive any motor vehicle as a professional driver in any public place. 
The government on March 13, 2013 issued an order, under Bangladesh Labour Law 2006, identified 38 activities as hazardous for children, including working at automobile workshop and working as helpers of truck, tempo (four-wheeler vehicle) and bus. 
Yet, teen drivers can be seen even on the most busy capital roads driving vehicles, especially human haulers (four-wheeler vehicles) and even city buses and minibuses. 
Teenagers can also be seen assisting drivers on human haulers and buses. 
Public transports run by these underage workers are seen on busy roads including Mirpur road, Manik Mia Avenue and Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmed Avenue. 
According to Passenger Welfare Association of Bangladesh, about 80 per cent of human hauler drivers in the capital are aged between 13 and 18 years. 
New Age correspondent in Chattogram also reports about a large number of teenagers engaged as drivers and assistants of vehicles in the port city. 
As in the capital, teen drivers are mainly seen to drive human haulers (tempo) and even buses in the port city. They also work there as assistants on different public transports. 
Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology’s Accident Research Institute’s assistant professor Kazi Md Shifun Newaz has told New Age that underage driving is a threat to road safety. 
These drivers do not know anything about road safety related issues including road signs and signals, maintenance of vehicles and how to behave with other road users, he explains. 
‘As they are teenagers, they make emotional decisions during driving, which increases risks of road accidents,’ Shifun Newaz points out. 
Work for a Better Bangladesh, Trust program manager Maruf Hossain considers underage drivers and assistants as a major reason for chaos on roads. 
‘When anyone gets the steering in his hands, he must have the sense of responsibility for the lives of passengers but this feeling is absent in teen drivers,’ he says.
Maruf Hossain says the transport operators should be brought under legal action for appointing these children in hazardous works including driving and assisting drivers in public transports. 
Dhaka Metropolitan Police joint commissioner for traffic north Mosleh Uddin Ahmed says that presence of teen drivers and assistants on public transports was higher last year. 
He claims that this year through different drives and their routine daily checking the number of these underage drivers has come down. 
Bangladesh Road Transport Authority director for road safety Sk Md Mahbub-E-Rabbani has told New Age that they are taking legal action against the underage drivers. 
‘But the transport operators should play the major rule by not appointing any teenagers as drivers or assistants of their vehicles,’ he adds.

More about: The Mymensingh-bound train from Chittagong, Nasirabad Express, hit a local passenger bus at a level crossing around 7pm on Wednesday, leaving five bus passengers dead on the spot and injuring 15 others

 
At least five people, including a child, were killed and 15 others injured as a train smashed into a passenger bus at a level crossing in Sharishadi area in Feni Sadar upazila Wednesday evening.

Feni Railway Station Master Mahbub Alam said the Mymensingh-bound train from Chittagong, Nasirabad Express, hit the local bus at the level crossing around 7pm, leaving five passengers in the bus dead on the spot and injuring 15 others.

One of the deceased has been identified; Kazi Mansur Ahmed, 28, a primary school teacher and former lecturer of political science in Feni Victoria Private College, was identified by his colleague MKA Mahadi.

Mahbub said fire fighters were trying to rescue the victims as of 9pm on Wednesday.

The injured have been admitted at Feni Sadar Hospital, Feni Civil Surgeon Shahriar Kabir confirmed.

The accident halted train communication between Chittagong and Dhaka and Sylhet for an hour, sources at Feni railway station said.

Local Upazila Parishad Chairman Jane Alam said the death toll might increase. At least 13 people, including seven women, were killed in road accidents in six districts yesterday.

In Sirajganj, seven people died in two different accidents.

Five women, three from the same family, were killed in a three-way collision involving two buses and a truck in Koddar Mor area near Bangabandhu Bridge of the district.

Sayed Shahid Alam, officer-in-charge of Banagabandhu Bridge West Zone Police Station, said a Dhaka-bound bus of Arif Paribahan and a local bus collided with a truck around noon.

The accident left one dead on the spot. Four others died at Sirajganj General Hospital, he added.

Four of the dead identified were Rehana Begum, 45, Romana Khatun, 17, Ridi Khatun, 14, and Ayesha Khatun, 35. Another deceased could not be identified.

Twenty others were also injured in the accident.

In another incident, two trucks collided head-on in Saydabad area near Bangabandhu Bridge of the district around 2:00am yesterday leaving one of the truck drivers and his helper dead on the spot and four others injured.

The dead could not be identified.



The photo shows a paddy-laden truck that collided head-on with another truck on November 29, 2018, leaving two people dead on the spot and two others injured in Sayedabad area of Sirajganj Sadar upazila. Photo: Star
In Munshiganj, 70-year old Abdul Razzak was killed in a collision between an ambulance and a lorry in Daribaushia area of Gazaria upazila.

Lucky Akhter, Razzak's daughter, was injured in the collision and undergoing treatment at Gazaria Health Complex.

The ambulance was carrying Razzak and his daughter to Dhaka Medical College Hospital, said Md Habibur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Gazaria Highway Police Station.

In Pabna, a mother and her eight-year-old daughter died when two engine-run three-wheelers collided in Hemayetpur Bangabaria area of the district around 9:00am yesterday.

The dead are Rimi Begum, 40, and her daughter Borsha Khatun.

In Faridpur, a 54-year-old man died on the spot as a Dhaka-bound bus of Sakura Paribahan run him over around 2:00pm in Dhuldi Bazar area.

The dead was identified as Ashraful Alam, resident of Gholabari Chandpur village in Chapainawabganj.

Aladipur Highway Police later seized the bus from Basantapur area under Sadar upazila in Rajbari.


A container of a lorry fell on an ambulance after the vehicles collided on Dhaka-Chattogram highway in Munshiganj's Gazaria yesterday, leaving a patient inside dead on the spot. At least 13 people were killed in road accidents across the country yesterday. Photo: star
In Tangail, a college student was killed on the spot when an unidentified vehicle crushed his motorcycle on Dhaka-Tangail highway around 12:00pm yesterday.

The dead was identified as Anwar Khan, 18, resident of Dubail Uttorpara village in Delduar upazila in Tangail.

Motiur Rahman, a sub-inspector of Gorai Highway Police Station, said the victim was a student of Government Saadat College in Karatia.

In Manikganj, a three-wheeler driver died in a head-on collision between his vehicle and a private car on Dhaka-Aricha highway in Shibalaya upazila yesterday morning.

The victim was identified as Omar Ali, 55.

Amir Hossain, sub-inspector of Barangail Highway Police outpost, said that the private car was seized but the driver managed to flee.

Besides, two school teachers died at Khulna Medical College Hospital on Wednesday after being critically injured in a collision between a motorbike and a truck.

The dead are Rafiqul Islam Dulal, 45, and Baharul Alam Molla, 43. Two people were killed and three others injured when a truck rammed a covered van on Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Lemua bridge in Sadar upazila on Friday, reports UNB.


The identities of the deceased could not be known immediately.

Akbar Hossain, sub-inspector of Highway police camp, said the Chattogram-bound truck from Dhaka hit the covered van from behind around 6am, leaving the truck driver and his helper dead on the spot and three others injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital. Four people were killed and 31 others injured in road accidents in four districts yesterday, according to reports from our correspondents.

Our Savar correspondent reports, wife and son of footballer Sohel Rana were killed and he was injured as a truck hit their motorbike on Dhaka-Aricha highway in Noyarhat area of Savar.

The midfielder of Sheikh Russel Krira Chakra was travelling from his ancestral home in Manikganj to their Bashundhara residence in Dhaka.

Javed Masud, officer-in-charge (investigation) of Ashulia Police Station, said Arfin Akter Jhuma, 24, and her four-year-old son Abdullah died instantly around 2:00pm.


A bus remains overturned after it veered off Sreepur-Mawna road in Fakirbari area yesterday. Photo: Star
Rana was treated at Gonoshasthaya Kendra in Savar. The bodies were handed over to the family.


Our Gazipur correspondent reports, a bus veered off a road and overturned in Gazipur, injuring 10 of its passengers.

Witnesses said the accident occurred on Sreepur-Mawna road near Fakirbari mosque around 7:00am.

The bus with 15 to 16 passengers, all garment workers, was going to their workplace “Pioneer Garment Factory Ltd” at Square Masterbari in Mymensingh from Patka area in Sreepur of Gazipur, said fire service.

Abul Kalam, one of the passengers who escaped unhurt, said the driver lost control over the steering while the vehicle was crossing a culvert.

The bus hired by the factory authorities was used to carry the RMG workers, said the passengers.

Its driver was not found after the accident, said witnesses.

Six of the injured were admitted to Sreepur Upazila Health Complex. Of them, four are Riad Hossen, 18, Nahid Alam, 21, Sadiqul Islam, 37, and Azizul Haque, 35, said Dr Sumaiya Akter.

Locals took two to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital. The other injured received primary treatment, she added.

UNB adds, a farmer was killed as a human-haulier overturned in Jethua village of Tala upazila in Satkhira.

The deceased -- Gour Chandra Ghosh, 55, son of Chandra Ghosh -- was from the village.

Russel Mehedi, officer-in-charge of Tala Police Station, said the vehicle carrying Gour turned upside down on a road while he was going to a field to bring paddy, leaving him dead on the spot.

On information, police recovered the body.

In Habiganj, a man was killed and 20 others were injured as a bus fell into a ditch beside Dhaka-Sylhet highway at Natun Bazar in Nabiganj upazila.

The deceased -- Safi Kamal Chowdhury, 40, son of Dr Muzibur Rahman of Bahubal upazila -- was a medical officer of Chevron Bangladesh.

The accident took place around 9:30am when a Sylhet-bound bus “Sylhet Express” from Habiganj was passing through the spot, said police.

Safi Kamal died on the spot, said Sub-Inspector Nazrul Islam of Sherpur Highway Police.

On information, police recovered the body and took the injured to MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital, the SI added. A man was killed and 20 people were injured as a bus tumbled into a ditch on Dhaka-Sylhet Highway at Natun Bazar in Nabiganj upazila on Saturday morning.

The deceased was identified as Safi Kamal Chowdhury, 40, medical officer of Chevron Bangladesh and son of Dr Muzibur Rahman of Bahubal upazila here.

The accident took place around 9:30am when a Sylhet-bound ‘Sylhet Express' bus from Habiganj plunged into a roadside ditch, leaving him dead on the spot and 20 people injured, said sub-inspector Md Nazrul Islam of Sherpur Highway Police.

On information, police recovered the body and took the injured to MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital, the SI added.


Accident Two workers, who were burnt as melted iron fell on them in a factory of Sonargaon upazila in Narayangaj district, died at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) on Saturday.

The deceased were identified as Nayan Mia and Masum Mia.

Bachchu Mia, in-charge of DMCH police outpost, said the Nayan and Masum  succumbed to their wounds in the early morning.

Earlier on Friday, a total of 12 workers suffered burn injuries as melted iron fell on them at ‘Muntahar Steel Mills’ in Madanpur area of Sonargaon upazila.

The other injured victims- Manik, 33, Sajib, 28, Arif, 30, Ohidul, 22, Hiru, 30, Shakil, 22, Sujon, 18, Rana, 20, Salauddin, 25, Kabir, 30 are undergoing treatment at DMCH burn unit. One person died and at least twenty-five people were injured at a road accident at the Debpara area of Nabiganj Upazila of Habiganj along the Dhaka-Sylhet highway.

The deceased has been identified as Shafee Ahmed Chowdhury (35). 

The fire-service and police have already started their joint rescue mission.

The police said that one person was spot-dead and atleast 25 people were injured when a passenger bus heading towards Sylhet from Habiganj turned turtle and fell in to a pit at Nabiganj  around 9 am on Saturday. 

The locals took the injured people to the Nabiganj Upazila Health Complex for treatment.

The Sherpur Highway Sub-Inspector (SI) Nazrul Islam verified the authenticity of the accident.

He said that though the police have already started their work on rescuing the casualties, the number of deceased may increase. 
The injured are workers from Pioneer Apparels Ltd

 
Ten readymade garments (RMG) workers have been injured as a bus turned turtle on Sreepur- Mawna road in Gazipur.

The injured are workers from Pioneer Apparels Ltd.  

Mawna Fire Service Station Officer Al-Amin said the bus turned turtle when its driver lost his control over the steering around 7am on Saturday.

Later, the locals rescued the workers. 

Sreepur Upazila Health Complex on duty doctor Sumaiya Akhtar said: “Four injured were brought to the hospital. Of them, Riyad Hossain and Nahid Alam were admitted while two others - Sadikul Islam and Azizul Haque --were sent to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital.”

The other six workers were given primary treatment at a local pharmacy. A farmer was killed as a human hauler overturned at Jethua village in Tala upazila on Saturday morning. 

The deceased was identified as Gour Chandra Ghosh, 55, son of Chandra Ghosh of the village. 

Russel Mehedi, officer-in-charge of Tala Police Station, said the human hauler carrying Gour  overturned on the road when he was going to a field to bring paddy, leaving him dead on the spot. 

On information, police recovered the body."
