"","x"
"1","Three labourers have been killed – and another has been injured – because a truck overturned in Nurpur bypass area under sadar upazila of Pabna district.

The deceased are Shahin Alam, 50, son of one Ali Ashraf of Baludia village; Ahammed Ali, 48, son of one Ombar Ali of Atlongta village; and Rabiul Islam, son of one Shafiqul Islam of Kachugari village.

Pabna sadar police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Obaidul Huq told the Dhaka Tribune: “A wood-laden truck overtruned when its driver lost steering control on the Pabna-Ishwrdi highway—killing the pedestrians at 7am on Sunday. 

He said police and firefighters recovered the bodies and sent the injured – Zafiruddin, 55 – to Pabna General Hospital. 
 Educationists and road safety campaigners on Saturday expressed their dissatisfaction with the overall road safety situation. 
Attending a seminar, they blamed negligence of policymakers and law enforcers and lack of awareness among common people for the existing chaotic situation on roads. 
Nirapad Sarak Chai organised the seminar at National Press Club to celebrate 25 years of its movement for road safety. 
A report prepared by the organisation shows that in 2016 a total of 4,144 people were killed in 2,316 road accidents, which rose to 5,645 deaths in 3,349 in road accidents in 2017. 
Bishwo Shahitto Kendro founder Professor Abdullah Abu Sayeed, also chief guest of the programme, said that after independence the railways were not developed intentionally for the benefit of road transport sector. 
‘If railways would become easy to avail, the number of road accidents will naturally come down,’ he noted. 
Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology’s Accident Research Institute director Professor Md Mizanur Rahman said road accidents caused a loss of Tk 40,000 crore every year in the country. 
‘I won’t hesitate to say that in Bangladesh every element which is responsible for road accidents exists,’ he said. 
Deputy inspector general of highway police Md Atiqul Islam said they were locked into clash with locals in 18 incidents while taking legal action against illegal three-wheeler. 
Editor-in-chief of GTV and Sarabangla Syed Ishtique Reza said that the government implemented Digital Security Act 2018 immediately after enactment while it was yet to implement Road Transport Act 2018. 
He urged the authorities to identify corruption in the road transport sector. 
Road Transport and Highway Division additional secretary Md Belayet Hossian said that they were planning to initiative a programme for coordinating all authorities concerned to reduce number and causalities of road accident. 
The seminar was attended, among others, by NSC chairman Ilias Kanchan and women affairs secretary Manjuli Kazi, Roads and Highways Department road design and safety circle superintendent engineer AK Mohammad Fazlul Karim, Dhaka University anthropology department assistant professor Rasheda Rawnak Khan, Bangladesh Federal Union of Journalists secretary general Shaban Mahmud and Rotary Club of Baridhara representative Ahsanul Haque. 
In the programme, NSC honoured people from different sectors for their contribution to road safety issue and handed over a prosthetic leg to an accident victim. 
Before starting the seminar, the organisation held a rally in front of the club. Three workers were killed while another injured as a truck overturned in Nurpur Bypass area of Sadar upazila on Sunday morning.

The identities of the deceased could not be known yet.

Obaidul Haque, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station, said the accident took place around 6:30 am when the wooden log-laden truck overturned after the driver lost its control over the wheel, leaving the trio dead and one injured.

The injured was admitted at Sadar Hospital. Local people blocked Jashore-Benapole highway and vandalised two vehicles protesting a road crash that left a trader killed in Dhapkhola area of Sadar upazila on Saturday night.

The deceased was identified as Khokon Biswas, 45, son of Makbul Biswas, resident of Chachra Raipara area in the district town.

Sub-inspector Politan Miah of Navaron Highway Police outpost, said the accident took place around 8 pm when the Benapole-bound bus hit Khokon, leaving him dead on the spot.

Being angered over the accident, locals blocked the highway and vandalised two buses.

On information, police rushed in and brought the situation under control and detained an attacker from the spot. Three workers were killed while another injured as a truck overturned in Nurpur bypass area of Pabna sadar upazila on Sunday morning, reports UNB.

The identities of the deceased could not be known yet.

The accident took place around 6:30am when the wood-laden truck overturned after the driver lost its control over the steering, leaving the three dead and one injured, said Pabna sadar police station officer-in-charge Obaidul Haque.

The injured was admitted at sadar hospital, he added. Five people were killed and six others injured following a collision between a bus and a human hauler in Haldoba area of Sadar upazila on Monday morning.

Four of the deceased were identified as ex-army officer Mizanur Rahman, hailing from Laxmipur village in Gozaria upazila of Munshiganj district, Md Nazim Uddin, 60, Abdus Samad, 65, hailing from Sirajganj district and Ratul.

Saiful Islam, officer-in-charge of Joydebpur Police Station, said that the accident took place when the bus collided with the human hauler (locally known as Leguna), leaving two passengers of Leguna dead on the spot nine others injured.

Among the injured, three died at Gazipur Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital.

Two of the injured were sent to Dhaka Medical College and Hospital and four are undergoing treatment at Tajuddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital. The accident occurred around 8am in the Haldoba area, said Gazipur Sadar Police Station SI Md Shaheedul Islam.

All of the victims were Laguna passengers, he said.

Two of the dead have been identified as former military Sgt Md Mizanur Rahman, 30, and Ratul, 18.

A passenger bus travelling from the Rajendrapur Cantonment Area to Gazipur Sadar’s Banglabazar area crashed head-on into a passenger Laguna, the SI said.

Four men were killed on the spot while another died after being taken to the hospital, he said.

The bodies of Mizanur Rahman and an unidentified man were taken to the cantonment hospital, while the two other bodies are at the Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital morgue.

According to Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital Resident Doctor Pranay Bhusan Das, six people were brought to the hospital from the scene of the accident. One unidentified man died before he was brought to the hospital, while Ratul died while undergoing treatment.

One of the injured, 45-year-old Dulal, has been referred to Dhaka medical College Hospital while Khairul, 40, Khalil, 40 and Nishan Ahmed, 28, have been admitted to the hospital. Four people have been killed – and 10 others injured – in a bus and human hauler collision in Gazipur. 

The accident took place at the Rajendrapur-Kapasia intersection, near Haldoba area of Gazipur, on Monday, at 8am.

The deceased are Najib Uddin, 58; Abdus Samad, 62; Army Sergeant (rtd) Mizanur Rahman, 55; and Ratul, 18.

Among the injured are: Nishan Ahmed, 28; Khairul Islam, 40; Dulal, 43; and Khalil Mia, 38. The others injured have yet to be identified.

Gazipur Metropolitan Traffic Inspector Mohammed Siraj confirmed the matter. 

He said: “A bus carrying garment workers collided with a leguna [human hauler] at the Rajendrapur-Kapasia intersection. Four people were killed. Ten more were injured due to the accident. Locals rushed to the scene and the injured were sent to Rajendrapur Cantonment Hospital.”

“The bodies have been sent to Gazipur Shahid Tajuddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital for autopsy. Police have seized the bus and the leguna from the spot,” he added. The accident occurred at the Bijoy Sarani intersection, killing Akhter Jahan Rumpa, 28. Rumpa used to work in a private eye hospital in Sylhet. She came to Dhaka on Tuesday.

She hailed from Cumilla, said Sub-inspector Bachchu Miah of Dhaka Medical College Hospital’s police outpost. Her husband resides in Chattogram’s Halishahar.

Rumpa came to Dhaka to sit for a job test at Bangladesh Eye Hospital. She was travelling in an autorickshaw from Mohakhali when a bus operated by Green Line hit the vehicle at the Bijoy Sarani intersection.

Rumpa was taken to DMCH where the doctor on duty declared her dead, said Bachchu.

She was working at VARD Eye Hospital at Osmaninagar in Sylhet after finishing a professional course from the same hospital, Khan Md Abdullah, Rumpa’s brother-in-law, told bdnews24.com. A female ophthalmologist (eye doctor) was killed in a road crash when a bus hit a CNG-run auto-rickshaw carrying her in city’s Bijay Sarani area early Tuesday.

The deceased Dr Akhter Jahan Ruma, 28, was an opthamologist working at an eye hospital in Osmaninagar of Sylhet.

The accident took place around 4:45 am when a bus of ‘Green-line’ Paribahan hit the auto-rickshaw, leaving Ruma and the auto-rickshaw driver critically injured, said Hanif, an eyewitness.

Later, the injured were rushed to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where the duty doctors declared Ruma dead around 5:15 am, said Sub-inspector Bacchu Miah of DMCH police outpost.

Ruma came to Dhaka to attend an interview at ‘Shyamoli Eye Hospital’, said the witness. The accident occurred at the Bijoy Sarani intersection, killing Akhter Jahan Rumpa, 28. Rumpa used to work in a private eye hospital in Sylhet. She came to Dhaka on Tuesday.

She hailed from Cumilla, said Sub-inspector Bachchu Miah of Dhaka Medical College Hospital’s police outpost. Her husband resides in Chattogram’s Halishahar.

Rumpa came to Dhaka to sit for a job test at Bangladesh Eye Hospital. She was travelling in an autorickshaw from Mohakhali when a bus operated by Green Line hit the vehicle at the Bijoy Sarani intersection.

Rumpa was taken to DMCH where the doctor on duty declared her dead, said Bachchu.

She was working at VARD Eye Hospital at Osmaninagar in Sylhet after finishing a professional course from the same hospital, Khan Md Abdullah, Rumpa’s brother-in-law, told bdnews24.com.
 Just five months ago, 28-year-old eye doctor Akhter Jahan Rumpa married dental surgeon Kaji Mohsin Faruq. Their wedding reception was scheduled for next month after which she was supposed to formally move into her in-law's house.

Things were going according to plan.

But everything changed the moment a speeding bus rammed the CNG-run auto-rickshaw Rumpa was in, and brought her life to an abrupt and tragic end.  The accident took place in the early hours of yesterday at the capital's Bijoy Sarani.

Rumpa, an optometrist of the pediatric unit in VARD Eye Hospital of Sylhet, came to the capital for an interview at Bangladesh Eye Hospital in Dhanmondi. She reached the Mohakhali bus stand around 4:30am from Sylhet.

Her husband, Mohsin, has private chambers in Cox's Bazar and Chattogram. He, too, was coming to Dhaka from Chattogram to meet his wife.


After reaching Mohakhali, Rumpa called her husband around 4:45am.

“When we had the last conversation, my bus was at Cumilla. I then asked Rumpa to go to Shyamoli and wait there for me as her interview was in Dhanmondi,” Mohsin told The Daily Star.

Rumpa then took the auto-rickshaw to go to Shyamoli. When she was crossing Bijoy Sarani around 5:00pm, a speeding bus, coming from Farmgate, hit the auto-rickshaw from the right, according to police and witnesses.

Some workers nearby rushed Rumpa to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH), where doctors declared her dead around 5:20am, said Bachchu Mia, officer-in-charge of DMCH police outpost.

One of the workers, Abu Hanif Shamim, said they were working to set up a signboard at the Bijoy Sarani intersection.

“Suddenly, we saw a speeding white Volvo bus of Greenline Paribahan hit the auto-rickshaw. The bus staffers first stopped and opened the door to observe the situation. When they realised that the situation was bad, they locked the door and drove away, hitting the auto-rickshaw once again,” he added.

“I reached Dhaka around 7:30am. When I called my wife's cell phone, a police official received the call and told me about the accident. I went to DCMH and found her dead,” said Mohsin.

In a voice quivering with devastation, Mohsin said he was supposed to meet his wife yesterday after a long time.

“We met at last, but after her death.”

Biddyut, the driver of the CNG-run auto-rickshaw, was also undergoing treatment in a local hospital with critical injuries.


The mangled three-wheeler on Tejgaon Police Station premises. Photo: Anisur Rahman
Contacted, Mazharul Islam, officer-in-charge of Tejgaon Police Station, told The Daily Star that the victim's husband filed a case with them accusing unnamed people.

About identifying the bus, the OC said they were trying to arrest the accused and identify the bus from the available video footages.

Abdus Sattar, general manager of Green Line Paribahan, claimed none of their buses was involved in the accident.

Hailing from Halisahar of Chattogram, Rumpa was the second of three children to retired family planning officer Akteruzzaman and his wife Nurjahan Begum. She completed her Bachelor of Science in Optometry at the Pahartali Eye Hospital campus at Institute of Community Ophthalmology.

Mohsin said the accident was a clear case of reckless driving. “I want exemplary punishment to those people responsible for the murder,” he added. At least students were killed in a collision between a bus and their carrying motorcycle on Dhaka-Aricha highway at Joypura area in Dhamrai upazila on Friday afternoon.

The deceased were identified as Hridoy, 20, Manik, 21, both students of Savar University College and Mridul, 23, of Gono Bishwabidyalay.

The accident took place when a Manikganj bound passenger bus hit their motorcycle around 4:30 pm, leaving the trio dead on the spot, said Dipak Chandra Saha, officer-in-charge of Dhamrai Police Station.

However, police seized the killer bus but its driver managed to flee from the scene. At least 24,954 people were killed in road crashes in the country in 2016, according to a World Health Organisation report.The number is almost 10 times the official number given by police.Over 15 per 1 lakh people had fallen victim to road crashes in 2016, according to the Global Status Report on Road Safety-2018 released yesterday.According to police data, 2,463 people were killed and 2,134 others injured in 2,566 road accidents in 2016.The WHO's methodology of collecting data involved a number of different sectors and stakeholders in each country, it said.A road safety campaigner said the WHO's estimate seemed credible to him. But a road accident researcher said the number was inflated to a great extent and police data was conservative.Sohel Rana, assistant inspector general (media) at the Police Headquarters, said the statistics prepared by police was correct.The WHO, in its report released in 2015, said 21, 316 were killed in road crashes in 2012. But police report said the number was 2,538.According to the latest WHO report, the number of deaths in crashes continues to climb across the world, reaching 1.35 million in 2016. At this rate, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) target 3.6 to halve road traffic deaths by 2020 will not be met.Road traffic injury is now the leading cause of death for children and young adults aged 5–29 years and the eighth leading cause of death for all age groups surpassing HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and diarrhoeal diseases.Bangladesh has set a target to reduce road fatalities by 50 percent between 2011 and 2020, the UN health agency said.It said 28.79 lakh vehicles were registered with authorities in 2016 of which 19.80 lakh were motorised two and three wheelers.The WHO said the rates of road traffic death are the highest in Africa and South East Asia.In south East Asia, the majority of deaths are among riders of motorised two and three wheelers representing 43 percent and 36 percent of all deaths respectively, it said.
WHO ESTIMATE DIVIDES OPINION
Mozammel Hoque Chowdhury, secretary general of Bangladesh Jatri Kalyan Samity, said, “I think WHO's estimate is correct.”He said police prepared the report on the basis of cases filed over crashes. But cases are not filed after nearly 80 percent of the incidents.As a result, police data are based on about 20 percent of the crases, he claimed.Mozammel said his organisation compiled newspaper reports in 2016, and found that at least 6,055 people were killed that year.But that estimate is also incomplete because many accidents remain unreported.The government always wants to show a smaller number of accident deaths to hide their failure. As a government institution, police prepares the report accordingly, he alleged.According to Jatri Kalyan Samity, at least 7,397 were killed in 2017 while police report said the number was 2,513.Meanwhile, Kazi Saifun Newaz, assistant professor of Accident Research Institute at Buet, said the WHO's estimate was inflated.He also observed that police estimate was a conservative one. A man was killed on Sunday as a BRTC bus crashed an auto-rickshaw near Dada Match Factory in the city.
The deceased was identified as Abul Hossain, 45, son of Abdul Malek of Chanmari area in the city.
Assistant Sub-Inspector Milon Mia of Sadar Police Station said a bus hit an auto-rickshaw around 9:30 am killing Abul on the spot.
Police seized the BRTC bus from the spot but its driver managed to flee, he said. A schoolgirl was killed while her father and brother sustained injuries as a speeding bus ran over them in Bashtala area in Gulshan, Dhaka on Saturday evening, reports UNB.
The deceased was Israt Jahan Sneha, 13, a ninth-grade student of National Ideal School and College and daughter of Shajahan Mia of Banasree in the city.
The accident took place as a speeding bus hit a motorcycle from behind when the victim's father Shajahan along with his children were going to Gazipur around 7:00pm, leaving Israt dead on the spot, said Abu Bakar Siddique, officer-in-charge of Gulshan police station.
Being informed, police rushed there and detained the bus driver along with the killer bus, the OC added. At least 25 students of a private medical college were injured in a road crash on Dhaka-Chattogram highway in Mainamati cantonment area on Saturday night.

Mainamati Highway police sources said that the accident took place following a triangular collision among a covered van, a goods-laden truck and a bus carrying students of Eastern Medical College, leaving at least 25 students inured.

After the accident, the students were rescued and then were admitted to different hospitals.

Highway police seized the vehicles. Two people were killed and seven others injured in a road accident involving two buses and a pickup at Gazaria in Nagarkanda upazila of Faridpur on Monday, reports UNB.

The deceased are Azizur Rahman Munshi, 55, son of Abdul Malek Munshi, and Hafizur Rahman Badal, 40, son of Solaiman Mollah.

Witnesses said an 'Emad Paribahan' bus from Dhaka collided with a Dhaka-bound 'Eagle Paribahan' bus coming from Narail around 12:30pm.

Under the impact of the collision, the 'Eagle Paribahan' bus crashed into a stationary pickup on the road, leaving a person dead on the spot and eight people injured.

One of the injured died on the way to Maksudpur Upazila Health Complex while the rest were taken to Faridpur Medical College Hospital.

Angered at the accident, locals put up barricade on the Dhaka-Faridpur highway, halting traffic for about two hours.

On information, police rushed in and brought the situation under control, said Mizanur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Nagarkanda police station. An American expatriate man was killed and four others injured on Monday morning when a truck collided with a private car in Louhajang upazila in Munshiganj, reports UNB.

Police identified the deceased as Fuad, 40, who had been living in Uttara for two years since his return from the USA.

The accident took place on Dhaka-Mawa-Shimulia Highway at Kumarbhog in the morning. Traffic on the busy road came to a halt for about an hour.

Fuad was killed on the spot when a Shimulia Ghat-bound truck hit a Dhaka-bound private car, carrying five people, said Monir Hossain, the officer-in-charge of Louhajang police station.

The injured were taken to Srinagar Health Complex and then shifted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital.

Police recovered a bottle of contraband cough syrup phensedyl and a small amount of hemp from the car.
 A journalist was killed as a covered van hit his motorcycle at Bakchar Cold store intersection in the district town of Jashore on Sunday, reports UNB.

The deceased was Ashikul Alam Sabuj, 30, son of Rafiqul Alam of Nilganj Tantipara and a journalist of local daily 'Dainik Samajer Kotha'.

The covered van rammed his motorcycle around 7:30pm, leaving him critically injured, said police.

Later, he was rushed to Jashore Medical College Hospital where he was declared dead, said physician Ahmed Tareq Shams. At least three people were killed and 11 others injured in road accidents in Munshiganj and Faridpur on Monday.
New Age Munshiganj correspondent reports, an American expatriate, who was driving a private car, was killed and four other passengers of the car were injured in road accident on Dhaka-Mawa highway at Kumarvhog of Louhajong in Munshiganj on Monday.
The deceased was identified as Foat Hossain, 50, a resident of Zigatola of Dhaka.
Injured Samiul, Khadiza, Nayeema and Rasel were admitted to local hospitals and upazila health complex.
Louhajong Police Station officer-in-charge Monir Hossain said that a Mawa-bound truck collided head-on with a Dhaka-bound private car, leaving five people injured.
The injured were rushed to local hospitals where on duty doctors declared Foat dead. The victims went to Mawa Ghat for buying fish.
Police said driver of the truck fled the spot with his vehicle immediately after the accident.
United News of Bangladesh reports, two people were killed and seven others injured in a road accident at Gazaria of Nagarkanda in Faridpur on Monday.
The deceased were identified as Azizur Rahman Munshi, 55, son of Abdul Malek Munshi, and Hafizur Rahman Badal, 40, son of Solaiman Mollah.
Witnesses said a bus of Emad Paribahan from Dhaka collided head-on with a Dhaka-bound Eagle Paribahan bus coming from Narail around 12:30pm.
Under the impact of the collision, Eagle Paribahan crashed into a stationary pickup on the road, leaving a one dead on the spot and eight people injured.
One of the injured died on the way to Maksudpur Upazila Health Complex while the rest were taken to Faridpur Medical College Hospital.
Protesting at the accident, agitating locals put barricade on Dhaka-Faridpur highway, halting traffic for about two hours.
On information, police went to the spot and brought the situation under control, said Mizanur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Nagarkanda Police Station. A couple were killed on Tuesday as a bus collided head-on with an auto-rickshaw at Suhilpur area on Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in Sadar upazila.

The deceased were identified as Bishnu Deb, 68, and his wife Anju Rani Das, 60, residents of Paikpara in Sadar upazila.

In-charge of Khatihata Highway Police, Hossain Sarkar said the couple was returning home after attending a wedding programme while a bus of ‘Tisha Paribahan’ hit their auto-rickshaw killing the duo on the spot. 

Police seized the bus but its driver managed to flee, he said. At least Three people were killed and another injured when a covered van ran over them on Dhaka-Mymensingh highway at Shikarikanda in Mymensingh on Thursday, reports UNB.

One of the deceased was identified as Jakir Hossain, 25, a resident of the area, while the identity of others could not be known immediately.

The accident took place around 7:00am when a covered van knocked down four pedestrians, leaving two of them dead on the spot and injuring two others, said Mahmudul Islam, officer-in-charge of kotwali police station.

The injured were taken to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital where the duty doctors declared one of the duos dead.

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to a local hospital morgue. The accidents took place in Chuadanga, Mymensingh, Narsingdi and Tangail

 
At least eight people were killed in separate road accidents in three districts of the country on Thursday.

The accidents took place in Chuadanga, Mymensingh, Narsingdi and Tangail.

In Chuadanga, three people, including two brothers, were killed in a road crash on the Chuadanga-Meherpur road at Kulpala village in Alamdanga upazila.

The deceased were identified as Rakib Hasan, 22, and Sakib Hasan, 12, sons of Akul Ali of Kulpala village, and driver Liton, 34, a resident of Pirpur village in Sadar upazila

Abdus Salam, deputy director of Chuadanga Fire and Civil Defence, said a stone-laden truck hit a human hauler, leaving its driver dead on the spot,and the two brotherscritically injured.

In Mymensingh, at least three people were killed and another injured when a covered van ran over them on the Dhaka-Mymensingh highway at Shikarikanda area of the town, reports UNB.

One of the deceased was identified as Jakir Hossain, 25, a resident of the area, while the identity of the others could not be known immediately.

The accident took place around 7am when the van knocked down four pedestrians, leaving two of them dead on the spot and seriously injuring two others, said Mahmudul Islam, officer-in-charge of Kotwali police station.

In Narsingdi, a child was killed and five people were injured when a private car and a pickup van collided head on in the district’s Panchdona area.

Narsingdi Fire Service Deputy Secretary Director MD Shafiqul Islam confirmed the incident.

In Tangail, a soldier of Bangladesh Army was killed and another injured when their motorcycle collided with a tractor in the district’s Nagarpur upazila.

The soldier, Tamiz Uddin, 40, was stationed at the nearby Ghatail Cantonment.

Officer-in-charge of Nagarpur police station Alam Chand confirmed the accident. Three young men were killed as a speeding bus hit their carrying motorcycle on Kishoreganj-Bhairab highway at Rashidabad in Sadar upazila on Sunday noon. 

The deceased was identified as Saikat, 18, son of Hellal Uddin of Paradanga village, Milion, 20, son of Abu Bakkar of Pathankandi village, and Jahedul Hasan Shuvo, 18, son of Babul Miah of Zhatisha village of the upazila. 

The ‘Ananna Classic Paribahan’ bus hit the motorcycle around 1 pm, leaving Saikat and Milion dead on the spot and Shuvo injured, said Md Abu Bakar Siddique, officer-in-charge of Sadar Model Police Station. 

Locals took Shuvo to Kishoreganj General Hospital where doctors declared him dead, the OC added. Two people were killed and four others injured when a bus rammed a pick-up van at Pakutia in Ghatail upazila on Monday.

The deceased were identified a Rezaul Karim Shyamol, 32 of Ghatail upazila and Kabir Hossain, 30 of Phulbaria upazila in Mymensingh district.

The accident took place on Tangail-Mymensingh road when the Mymensingh-bound bus from Pabna hit the pick-up van coming from the opposite direction around 11:30 am, leaving a pick-up van passenger dead on the spot and five others injured, said Maksudul Alam, officer-in-charge of Ghatail Police Station.

The injured were taken to Ghatail Upazila Health complex where doctors declared another dead. A Turkish national and a pick-up driver were killed in a road crash on Dhaka-Rajshahi highway at Senbhag in Puthia upazila on Monday night.

The deceased were driver Golap Hossain, 26, hailing from Madhupur upazila in Tangail district and Turkish national Abbasi, 40.

Mostafizur Rahman, in-charge of Poba Highway Police, said that the pick-up van overturned on the highway after being hit by a truck  around 8:30pm and then a ‘Century Paribahan’ bus hit the pick-up van, leaving the driver dead on the spot and passenger Abbasi injured.

Later, the injured was taken to Puthia Health Complex where doctors declared him dead. A woman and her grandson were killed while her husband sustained severe injuries as the motorcycle they were riding on was hit by a pick-up van on Satkhira-Khulna road at  Kumira village in Keshabpur upazila on Tuesday evening.

The deceased were identified as Farida Begum, 50, wife of Samad Morol of Bhabatipur village in the upazila and her grandson Saad Hossain, 14, son of Abdul Alim, hailing from Tailkupi village in Tala upazila.

Witnesses said the pick-up van hit the motorcycle from behind in the afternoon, leaving the duo dead on the spot and Samad Morol severely injured.

Officer-in-charge of Patkelghata Police Station Rezaul Karim said the injured was rushed to Satkhira Sadar Hospital and the bodies were also sent to the hospital’s morgue for autopsy. At least three people, including two brothers, were killed and six others injured on Wednesday after a microbus hit a covered van in Chandina Upazila’s Nuritala.

The deceased were identified as Dubai expatriate Abdul Mannan, 40, and his elder brother Abul Kashem, 42 – natives of Monohorganj Upazila. The third victim is Rakib Hossain, 20, from Lakshmipur.

Microbus driver Nur Hossain Parvez said he had taken the passengers to airport from Monohorganj. “We were returning home after picking up Mannan. I lost control and rammed into a covered van parked near the Dhaka-Chattogram Highway, killing the three on the spot,” he said.

Mannan’s wife Hasina Begum, 34, daughters Hafsa, Takia, Tahna, nephew Salauddin, 25, and Parvez were injured.

Inspector Monirul Islam, in-charge of Illiatganj Highway Police outpost, said the injured were initially taken to Chandina Upazila Health Complex. Two of them were sent Cumilla Medical College and Hospital as their conditions deteriorated. A head-on collision between a bus and a passenger van in Bangladesh's Gopalganj district, some 127 km southwest of capital Dhaka, on Thursday night left 10 people dead and several others injured, a senior police official said.

Monir Hossain, officer-in-charge of a police station in Gopalganj, told Xinhua over mobile phone that ""10 passengers were killed on the spot in the head-on collision between the passenger bus and the passenger van.""

The road accident that occurred at around 6:00 p.m. local time also left some five passengers injured, he said.

But local media reported injury toll could be as high as 20.

The police official said all the injured were rushed to local hospitals and clinics, adding the cause of the accident is under investigation. A bus and a three-wheeler collide head on at the district’s Haridaspur

 
At least 11 people, including a woman and three children, have been killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a three-wheel human hauler in Gopalganj Sadar upazila.

At least 20 others were also injured in the fatal incident at the upazila’s Haridaspur on the Dhaka-Khulna Highway around 5:30pm Thursday, said Sadar police station Officer-in-Charge, Md Monirul Islam.

Confirming the casualties, he said the crash left 11 dead on the spot and the death toll might go higher.

Police, fire-fighters, and locals rescued the injured passengers of the Gopalganj-bound Golden Line bus which fell into a roadside ditch after the collision.

All the injured were then admitted to the Gopalganj 250-bed General Hospital.

The hospital’s Deputy Director, Dr Chowdhury Faridul Islam, said the dead included three children, one woman, and seven men.

“Ten bodies are still in the hospital’s morgue. One corpse was taken home by family members,” he said.

According to witnesses, the people killed in the accident included passengers of the bus and three-wheeler, and pedestrians.

Nine of them were identified as Rajib Molla, 20, the driver of the three-wheeler, Saddam Molla, 25, Morshed Gazi, 40, Joglu Shikdar, 35, Janey Alam Sheikh, 37, Mariam, 8, Nayan Sheikh, 11, Meghla, 9, and Renu Begum, 45.

The last four were members of the same family. Identities of the other two men killed are yet to be known. A van puller was killed when a truck hit his van on Gopalganj-Tekerhat road in Muksudpur upazila on Friday.

The deceased was identified as Sattar Sheikh, 40, son of Kalu Sheikh of Gangarampur village in the upazila.

Sindhiaghat police camp-in-charge Mahidul Islam, said the accident took place around 6:30 am when the Tekerhat-bound onion-laden truck hit the van, leaving him dead on the spot. The accident took place near Gazirhat Degree College around 9:00 pm on Friday, said Ranishongkoil Police Station chief Abdul Mannan.

The dead were identified as Abdus Sabur, 24, and Jahangir Alam, 25.

Sabur and Jahangir were travelling to Bhadogram in Nanduar Union on a motorcycle, OC Abdul Mannan told bdnews24.com, citing the locals.

""A speeding Mahindra tractor coming from the opposite side hit the motorcycle in front of Gazirhat Degree College, leaving the two seriously injured.""

The locals took the two to the Ranishongkoil Upazila Health Complex where the doctor on duty declared them dead.

Police seized the tractor, but the driver fled after the accident. The accident occurred on the Dhaka-Tangail Highway near the Square Pharmaceuticals factory in Kaliakoir Upazila, said Tangail Gorai Highway Police OC AKM Kawsar.

The dead have been identified as Mizan, 28, and Delwar Hossain, 23.

According to OC Kawsar, a sand-laden truck had parked in the area so the driver could change a tire when a cement-bearing truck crashed into it from behind.

The front of the cement truck was badly damaged in the accident and driver Mizan was killed on the spot, the OC said.

“Three people were wounded in the accident, including the driver of the sand truck, and were taken to Kumudini Hospital in Mirzapur, where driver Delwar Hossain died of his injuries.”

The other two victims are receiving medical treatment, he said.
 Three people were killed in separate road crashes in Bagerhat and Gazipur on Saturday.

In Bagerhat, a school headmaster was run over by a bus on the Bagerhat-Pirojpur highway near the Fatehpur area of Kachua upazila.

The deceased has been identified as Sheikh Modasser Ali, 55, headmaster of Morrelganj upazila’s Doibogati Secondary School.

He lived in Chandrapara village of Kachua upazila.

Bagerhat Fire Service Deputy Assistant Director Masud Sardar confirmed the incident and said: “A passenger bus, which left from Bagerhat for Pirojpur, ran over the victim who was standing roadside. Later, he was rushed to Bagerhat Sadar Hospital where the duty doctors declared him dead.”

In a separate incident in Gazipur, two truck drivers were killed in a collision when a truck carrying cement collided head-on with another truck carrying sand.

The Saturday accident took place near the Square Medicine Factory on the Dhaka-Tangail highway.

The deceased were identified as Mizan, 28, and Delwar Hossain, 23.

Gorai Highway police station Officer-in-Charge, AKM Kausar, confirmed the incident.

He said: “The sand loaded truck was sitting idle on the highway while the driver was changing a flat tyre. The cement loaded truck collided with the sand truck head-on and the driver of the cement truck died on the spot. The sand truck driver was taken to Mirzapur Kumudini Hospital where he died during treatment.” 

The bodies have been sent to Gazipur Shaheed Taj Uddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital for autopsy.
 Two motorcyclists were killed as a tractor hit their vehicle in front of Gazirhat Degree College of Ranisankail Upazila on Friday night.

The deceased were identified as Abdus Sabur, 24, son of Abur Rashid, a resident of Amjuan village and Jahangir Alam, 25, son of Faizul Islam, of the upazila.

Abdul Mannan, officer-in-charge of Ranisankal Police Station, said that the accident took place when the tractor rammed the motorcycle, leaving two riders- Sabur and Jahangir-critically injured.

The injured were admitted to Ranisankal Upazila Health Complex where doctors declared them dead. A school teacher died after being run over by a passenger bus in Kachua Upazila on Saturay.

Angry locals of Chandrapara village blocked the Bagerhat-Pirojpur road and vandalised the bus, disrupting the traffic in the morning.

The deceased, 58-year-old Sheikh Modasser Hossain, was the headmaster of Daibaggohati Boys’ High School in Moralganj Upazila. He was also the vice-president of Awami League’s Radhipara Union unit.

Modasser was waiting for a bus when he was hit by the speeding vehicle around 10am, witnesses said.

He was taken to Bagerhat Sadar Hospital where duty doctor pronounced him dead, Rabiul Kabir, the officer-in-charge of Kachua Police Station. The four victims died on the spot

 
Four people were killed when a bus and a CNG-run three-wheeler collided head on in the Uthali Mollahbari area of Jibannagar upazila on Sunday. 

Three of the deceased were identified: Rabiul Islam, 27, his wife Shamoly Khatun, 22, and Jahangir Alam. The fourth victim remained unidentified, according to Jibannagar police station OC Sheikh Gani Miah.

Two others, including the deceased couple’s five-year-old son, were injured.

Witnesses said a Chuadanga-bound had reached Mollahbari, where it collided with an incoming CNG-run autorickshaw coming from the opposite direction Darshana-Jibannagar highway.

The four victims died on the spot.

Another passenger on the bus, Nilufa Yasmin, complained that the bus driver was speaking over the phone while driving, when he lost control of the bus.
 A motorcyclist was killed and another injured as their vehicle crashed into a road divider in Hatirjheel area early Monday.

The deceased was identified as Rifat, 18, son of Md Liton Miah, and the injured is Sajib, 19, residents of AgargaonTaltola government staff quarter.

Sub-inspector Md Baccu Miah, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital Police outpost, said the motorbike skidded off the road hitting the divider, leaving the duo critically injured.

The injured were rushed to the hospital where doctors declared Rifat dead.
 A motorcyclist was killed and another injured as their vehicle crashed into a road divider in Hatirjheel area early Monday.

The deceased was identified as Rifat, 18, son of Md Liton Miah, and the injured is Sajib, 19, residents of AgargaonTaltola government staff quarter.

Sub-inspector Md Baccu Miah, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital Police outpost, said the motorbike skidded off the road hitting the divider, leaving the duo critically injured.

The injured were rushed to the hospital where doctors declared Rifat dead.
 A couple was killed when a bus hit them on Nilphamari-Domar road at Palashbari in Domar upazila on Tuesday.

The deceased were identified as Ainul Haq, 50, son of Abdul Gafur and his wife Majeda Begum, 45 of Harinchara village in the upazila.

Ershadul Alam, officer-in-charge of Nilphamari Police Station, said the Domar-bound bus of ‘Mehedi Paribahan’ knocked down the couple when they were heading towards Nilphamari Diabetic Hospital, leaving Ainul dead on the spot and  Majeda injured.

Later, she was taken to Nilphamari Modern Hospital where she succumbed to her injuries.

A case was filed in this connection. The accident occurred on the Mymensingh-Kishoreganj Highway in the Chamta area, said Nandail Police OC Kamrul Islam Mia.

The two victims have been identified as Tapan Hossain, 27, and Shareef Ahammed, 14, both of whom hail from Brahmanbaria.

The motorcycle was headed from Nandail to Mymensingh when it was rammed by a truck from behind. Both victims died on the spot.

Locals seized the truck and reported the incident to police, but were unable to apprehend the driver.

The victims’ families have been informed and will come to collect the bodies, OC Mia said. A man was killed and another injured when a truck rammed a covered-van on Dhaka-Mymensingh highway at Rajendrapur intersection at Gazipur on Wednesday.

The deceased is Mosharraf Hossain, a helper of the truck driver from Mymensingh.

Zakir Hossain, station officer of Gazipur Fire Service and Civil Defence, said the accident took place in the area when a truck hit a Mymensingh-bound covered-van from behind, leaving the truck driver Abu Hanif and helper injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital where the doctors declared Mosharraf dead. Four people, including a Ansar member, were killed in separate road accidents in the city on Wednesday.

Two people were killed after being hit by a truck in Shanir Akhra area.

The deceased were identified as Bashar, 31, a helper of the truck driver and son of Rafez Hawladar and Harunur Rashid, 40.

The accident took place around 5:15 am when a truck hit a brick-laden truck from behind while unloading bricks, leaving the brick trader dead on the spot and Bashar injured, said sub-inspector Abdur Rhman Khan of Dhaka Medical College Hospital police camp.

Later, Bashar was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where the doctors declared him dead.

Meanwhile, Shahin, 22, a Ansar force member, was critically injured being hit by a truck while he was on duty at a factory on Mirpur Zoo road in the morning. 

He was rushed to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where he died around 6:00 pm.

In another incident, Ripon, 38, a garment worker, was injured being hit by a microbus when he was crossing  Kalshi Road of Mirpur-11 at around 7:00 am.

He was first taken to a local hospital and then shifted to the DMCH where he succumbed to his injuries at around 4:00 pm.
 Three people, including a minor boy, were killed on Friday after a cement-laden truck hit a rickshaw in Mirsharai Upazila.

The victims have been identified as Sultan, 31, from Pola Morga area, Nezam, 35, from Nichinta area, and Abir, 5.

The accident took place in front of Baratakia Bazar Eye Hospital around 11am.

Sultan and Nezam died on the spot while Rakib succumbed to his injuries when he was being taken to hospital, said Mirsharai Fire Service Station In-charge Rabiul Islam.

A fire service team rushed to the spot and recovered two bodies from the spot, he added. The accident occurred near the KAFKO Gate around 7:45am on Saturday, said Chattogram Metropolitan Police Karnaphuli Zone Assistant Commissioner Zahedul Islam.

Enraged workers set fire to a bus after the accident. Police were dispatched to the area and restored order to the area.

The dead have been identified as Abdul Latif, 60, Sultana Razia, 35 and Irfan, 27. The wounded have been taken to Chattogram Medical Colelge Hospital.

The incident occurred when a bus dropping off workers at the Korean EPZ was rammed from behind by a second bus, Assistant Police Commissioner Zahedul Islam told bdnews24.com.

Police did not offer details about the victims or where they worked.
 Three readymade garment workers were killed and 40 others injured as a bus carrying them hit another stationary bus in Korean Export Procession Zone (KEPZ) area of Chattogram on Saturday morning, reports UNB.

The deceased are Mohammad Latif, 50, Sultana Razia, 35, and Md Irfan, 27.

Md Arefin Jewel, additional deputy commissioner of Chattogram Metropolitan Police (port), said that the bus carrying KEPZ workers hit another stationary bus around 8:30am as the driver lost control over the steering, leaving Latif dead and at least 42 workers injured.

The injured were taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital where doctors declared Sultana and Irfan dead.

A group of agitated workers torched three buses of KEPZ following the accident. Three garment workers were killed and 40 others injured as a bus carrying them hit another stationary bus in KEPZ area under Anwara thana on Saturday morning.

The deceased were identified as Mohammad Latif, 50, Sultana Razia, 35, and Md Irfan, 27.

Md Arefin Jewel, additional deputy commissioner of Chattogram Metropolitan Police (port), said that the bus carrying workers of KEPZ ( Korean Export Procession Zone) hit another stationary around 8:30 am as the driver lost control over the steering, leaving Latif dead and at least 42 workers injured. The injured were taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital where doctors declared Sultana and Irfan dead.

Angered by the accident, a group of agitated workers torched three buses of KEPZ."
