"","x"
"1","Garment workers and locals went on a berserk in the city’s Malibagh Chowdhurypara area on Tuesday following the death of two female RMG workers, torching one bus and damaging around 35-40 vehicles.

The victims were identified as Meem Akhter, 13, and Nahid Parveen Poly, 19, workers of MH Garments Factory.

A Gazipur-bound bus of ‘Suprabhat Paribahan’ hit them while they were crossing the road near Abul Hotel around 1:30pm.

Meem died on the spot and Parveen was seriously injured, said police Sergeant Shuvo Kumar Dey.

Parveen was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where doctors pronounced her dead, said sub-inspector Bachchu Mia, in-charge of DMCH police outpost. 

Police seized the bus and arrested the driver, he added.

As the death news spread around, garment workers took to the streets and damaged several buses.

Later, police took the situation under control.



However, the garment workers and the locals took to the streets again around 5pm and started staging demonstrations protesting the death of the female RMG workers in the road accident.

At one stage, they blocked the road on the opposite side of Hajipara CNG Refilling Station, forcing the police to suspend traffic on both carriageways of the road.

At that time, they set fire to a bus and damaged around 30 others.



Although a fire-fighting unit started moving to the spot on information, it could not reach there as the road was blocked. However, the fire was doused by locals.

Later, police charged baton on the agitators and brought the situation under control.

Traffic on the road resumed around 6:30pm.

A UNB journalist who came to office on foot for want of vehicles in the area saw 11 damaged buses, including an air-conditioned one, stranded on the west carriageway of the road from Hajipara CNG Refilling Station to Padma Movie House.

Besides, the broken glasses of vehicles were found on both sides of the road from the mouth of Wapda Road in Rampura to the cinema hall. Hundreds of protesters took to the street in front of Abul Hotel in Malibagh after a Suprobhat Paribahan bus ran over and killed two female workers around 1:30pm on Tuesday, Rampura Police Station OC Ebamul Haque said.

The demonstrators torched two buses and vandalised over 50 other vehicles on the street from Malibagh to Rampura, bdnews24.com photographer Abdullah Al Momin said from the scene. Traffic resumed around 6:45pm after the protesters left the streets, bdnews24.com photographer Mahmud Zaman Ovi said.
There was no electricity in the area during the protests, Ovi said and added the power supply was back on after the protests ended. Nazmun Nahar, an additional deputy commissioner of traffic police, was stranded at a home in the area during the protests, police said.
The agitated workers threw brickbats at police when the law enforcers went to rescue her.

Nahar suffered injury to one of her eyes when a brick chip thrown by workers hit her, Dhaka Metropolitan Police Deputy Commissioner Anwar Hossain said. The injured traffic police officer was taken to the National Institute of Ophthalmology at Sher-e-Bangla Nagar, he added. The driver of the bus that killed the two garment workers was arrested and the bus was seized, OC Enamul said.
The deceased have been identified as Nahid Parveen Poly, 19, from Nilphamari and ‘Mim’, 13, from Bogura.

The employees of MH Garment near Padma Cinema Hall at Malibagh resided at Moghbazar, their colleagues said.

Mim died on the spot while Poly was pronounced brought dead at Dhaka Medical College Hospital, Traffic Sergeant Shubho Kumar Dey told bdnews24.com. A total of 41 people lost their lives because of road accidents in the area last year

 
Road accidents have sharply increased on the 32km stretch of Dhaka-Rangpur Highway near Gaibandha since the last two years, which also significantly raised the number of casualties.

According to data collected by several government bodies, a total of 41 people have died and 362 were injured in 136 road accidents in the area from January 1 to December 31, 2018. 

Gobindaganj highway police and local fire service office data shows that in 2017, a total of 86 people died and 178 were injured in 86 road accidents.

Meanwhile, 18 people died and 162 were injured in 74 road accidents in 2016.  

In 2015, 30 accidents left 19 dead and 17 injured; and in 2014, 25 accidents left 11 dead and 8 injured.

Police have identified ten major reasons behind the increase in road accidents in Gaibandha, and the fire service identified eight.

Major reasons behind road accidents

Having no backup drivers in long-distance transportation vehicles
Drivers making long up-and-down trips
Incompetent and unaware drivers making trips at night
Reckless driving
Not following traffic signals
Breaking traffic rules for overtaking
Lack of dividers in accident prone areas of the highway
Driving vehicles that lack fitness
Helpers driving vehicles instead of drivers
Sleepy drivers making trips
Overloading transport with passengers or cargo
Damaged roads
Too many bends and curves on the highway

Addressing the issue, Gobindaganj Fire Service Manager Abdul Hamid said: “The number of accidents will drop if the drivers and helpers are properly trained, the top speed of vehicles are set to an acceptable level through meters and seatbelts are made mandatory for drivers and passengers.”

According to the Gaibandha Roads & Highways Department office, a research team from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (BUET) named Accident Research Institute designated seven bends on this highway as accident prone.

All of these bends fall under the 32km stretch of Dhaka-Rangpur Highway near Gaibandha.

Executive Engineer Md Asaduzzaman of Gaibandha Road and Highways Department told the Dhaka Tribune: “Among the nine accident-prone bends in this area, highway is being expanded in five areas, and road dividers are also being built.

“Efforts are on to build dividers in the rest of the nine bends,” he said.

Discussing the matter, truck driver Jaidal Mia said: “Some highway bends prevent us from locating oncoming traffic on time during turns, and it often leads to accidents such as head-on collisions or falling down roadside ditches.”

As part of an initiative to prevent road accidents, district police put signboards in nine accident-prone places back in 2012. 

Gobindaganj highway police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Md Akhtaruzzaman said those signboards have played a role in dropping the rate of road accidents.

Gaibandha Superintendent of Police Abdul Mannan Mia said the administration had built a pit stop for drivers in Boalia area in a bid to curb accidents. Drivers can use the pit stop to rest, wash up and have snacks. Safety on roads, uniform traffic management and disciplined public transport system still remain mostly on papers even after the issue was one of the most discussed in the year 2018, observed road safety campaigners. 
Thousands of students took to the streets after two of their fellows of Shaheed Ramiz Uddin Cantonment College were killed after a reckless driver drove a bus off the road in the capital on July 29. 
The protests were followed by prime minister Sheikh Hasina’s directives, some infrastructural initiatives and countrywide traffic initiatives by law enforcement agencies. 
Despite these immediate actions, the situation remained the same due to the lack of a holistic approach, enforcement of existing laws and formulation of proper solutions, observed the campaigners. 
Deaths on road, mainly due to reckless driving by untrained, unlicensed and underage drivers, continue unabated.
Violation of traffic rules by all sections of people continued across the country including reckless driving, overtaking, and movement of unfit vehicles. Additionally, lack of public transports and facilities for pedestrians exacerbated the matter.
Though road safety remained a much talked about issue, in an unprecedented move, Bangladesh Road Transport Authority in August 2018 relaxed the rules in issuance of driving licences for ‘public interest’. Against about 35 lakh registered motorised vehicles, the year saw a total of 19 lakh driving licences issued till August.
Training facilities for drivers is still poor while the transport owners are yet to practice the appointment system for drivers. 
Moreover, irregularities in government bodies engaged in regulating the sector alongside transport owners’ attitude of making maximum profits still overshadow the road sector in which political manipulation reigns supreme. 
The prime minister on June 25, 2018 gave directives to ensure drivers’ rest every five hours, to introduce alternate drivers for long distance transports, training facilities for drivers and their assistants, use of seatbelts while travelling as well as going by traffic signals. 
Most of these directives still remain on paper. 
The government on September 20 passed the Road Transport Act, 2018, in the wake of the student protests, replacing the Motor Vehicles Ordinance, 1983. The law awaits implementation. 
The year also saw Bangladesh Police conducting a countrywide Traffic Week and Dhaka Metropolitan Police observing a Traffic Month, which did not translate into much as far as violation of traffic rules was concerned. 
Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology’s Accident Research Institute assistant professor Kazi Md Shifun Newaz told New Age that the year 2018 did not see much improvement on reckless driving, training and appointment of drivers, fitness of the vehicles and pedestrian behaviours. 
The owners were yet to appoint drivers with fixed salary while the facilities for training for drivers were also very inadequate, he said. 
The teacher said that the capital roads were yet to become pedestrian-friendly and bus drivers were still reckless, showing the same zeal for competitiveness on roads to get more passengers.
‘Without considering the solutions which would include bus route franchise and the appointment of trained drivers, safety on roads will not be assured and nothing will be sustainable,’ Md Shifun Newaz said. 
He also observed that the number of road accidents is likely to increase this year. 
Work for a Better Bangladesh, Trust programme manager Maruf Hossain said that the traffic situation in the capital returned to its earlier form, manifesting the same old disorders. 
Unfit vehicles with heavily dented bodies were still running on roads, buses were making stoppage everywhere irrespective of the presence of bus stops and bays, motorcycles and cars are parked on footpaths and pedestrians were also violating traffic rules, he observed. 
‘It seems that even after the countrywide protests the authorities have taken only a handful of initiatives, that too to tackle the situation while there are no sincere efforts in sight to continue with these initiatives,’ he added. 
DMP joint commissioner (traffic) Mofiz Uddin Ahmed said that after the student movement, the road safety situation had been improved with some visible changes like use of helmets by motorbike and pillion riders, fewer incidents of driving on wrong lanes and an increased awareness among people. 
Bangladesh Road Transport Authority chairman Md Moshiar Rahman claimed that in 2018 the road safety situation improved a lot. 
‘In 2019 we will work to reduce the number of road accidents by 50 per cent and very soon we will implement the Road Transport Act to ensure safety on roads,’ he said. 
As per BRTA data, prepared based on first information reports of the police, till September 2018, a total of 1,853 people were killed in road accidents, while 2,513 people were killed and 1,898 injured in 2,562 accidents in 2017. Three members of a family were killed as a bus crashed into a motorcycle at Baikhir village of Boalmari upazila in the district on Thursday.

The deceased were identified as local trader Quasem Mollah, 55, his son Sohel Mollah, 18, and his brother Akubbar Mollah, 35, of the village.

Inspector (Investigation) of Boalmari Police Station said the Bhatiapara-bound bus of ‘Malancha Paribahan’ hit the bike around 4pm, killing Sohel and Akubbar on the spot and injuring Quasem.

Quasem succumbed to his injuries at Faridpur Medical College Hospital in the evening, he said.

Police seized the bus but its driver and his assistant managed to flee. Two people were killed and three others injured when a truck hit a number of rickshaws on Tongi-Ashulia-EPZ road at Itakhola in Ashulia of Savar on Friday, reports UNB.

One of the deceased is Moushumi while the identity of another could not be known yet.

Police said the accident took place in the morning when a sand-laden truck rammed a number of stationary rickshaws, leaving two people dead on the spot and three others injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital.

Police seized the truck but could not arrest its driver, said Rizaul Haq Dipu, officer-in-charge of Ashulia police station. A female admission seeker to Jagannath University (JnU) was killed when a pick-up van ran over her near Postagola Bridge in Shyampur on Saturday night.

The deceased was identified as Afroza Akhter, 25, daughter of Rabiul Islam of Jurain area in the city.

The accident took place when a speeding pick-up van hit her around 9 pm while Afroza was waiting for a bus to go home after completing her private tuition, said Shariful Islam, the victim’s brother.

Later, she was rushed to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where the doctors declared her dead around 10:15 pm, said Sub-inspector Md Bachchu Mia of DMCH Hospital police outpost adding that the body was kept in the morgue for an autopsy. All the incidents took place on Saturday

 
At least six people have been killed and several others injured in separate road accidents across the country.

All the incidents took place in Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Rangamati and Kushtia on Saturday.

In Kushtia, a locally-made human haulier’s driver died after a truck rear-ended the small vehicle at Sadar upazila.

The incident took place near the Bhadalia Bridge around 1:50pm, said Sadar police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Nasir Uddin.

The deceased was identified as Bipul Hossain, 35. He was killed on the spot after the collision, said the OC.

Nasir added that Bipul’s boy was later recovered and sent to Kushtia Sadar Hospital for autopsy.

In Rangamati, a truck-driver was killed and four others injured when a Chittagong-bound mini-truck lost control and fell into a 100-feet deep ditch at Naniarchar upazila. 

The accident took place at the upazila’s Ghilachharhi union around 2pm.

Naniarchar police OC Kabir Hossain said the accident killed driver Alamgir Hossain, 35, and left four labourers injured, who are now undergoing treatment at a local hospital.

In Sirajganj, three people, including a father and son, were killed when a pickup collided with a truck around 3:15pm on Saturday.

The accident occurred on Jhaoil over bridge near Dhaka-Rajshahi Highway on the western side of Bangabandhu Bridge, said Bangabandhu Bridge west police station Sub-Inspector Mahbubur Rahman.

The deceased were identified as Idris Ali, 60, and his son Monju Hossain, 28, and pickup van driver Raju Hossain, 27. All three were from Tangail.

Traffic movement was suspended on the road for about two hours after the accident.

In Jamalpur, a three-wheeler claimed the life of a two-year-old girl named Laboni in Islampur upazila.

The accident took place at the upazila’s Chinaduli union around 5pm on Saturday.

The young child was killed on the spot after, witnesses and Islampur police OC Aslam Hossain.

He said they impounded the vehicle, but its driver had managed to escape.
 Bangabandhu Bridge West Police OC Syed Shahid Alam said that the incident occurred near the Jhaoil Overbridge near the bridge’s western connecting road early on Saturday.

The dead have been identified as Idris Ali, 60, his son Majnu, 28, and pickup driver Raju Hossain, 27.

A pickup van headed from North Bengal to Dhaka crashed into a truck from behind and was heavily damaged, killing the pickup driver and two passengers.

Police later detained the truck. A motorcyclist was killed as a speeding truck hit his vehicle in front of Matshya Bhaban in Shahbagh area on Friday night.

The deceased was identified as Md Tajul Islam, 43, the driver of an ambulance of Dhaka Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).

The truck hit the motorcycle at the place around 11pm, leaving its rider Tajul and pillion rider Abu Hanif, 40, severely injured.

Later, both the injured were taken to the DMCH where the doctor declared Tajul dead, said Inspector Bacchu Mia of hospital police outpost. Three people were killed as a pick-up van hit a stone-laden truck on Bangabandhu Bridge (western side) connecting road in Raiganj upazila of Sirajganj early Saturday.

The victims could not be identified immediately.

The van driver and two other people got stuck inside the fruit-laden pick-up van after it hit the Dhaka-bound truck from behind in the area around 4:45am, said Sirajganj fire service deputy assistant director Abdul Hamid.

On information, policemen of Bangabandhu (west) police station and fire service men rescued them and sent to 250-bed Bangamata Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib General Hospital in Sirajganj, where physicians declared the three dead. A female admission seeker to Jagannath University (JnU) was killed when a pick-up van ran over her near Postagola Bridge in Shyampur on Saturday night.

The deceased was identified as Afroza Akhter, 25, daughter of Rabiul Islam of Jurain area in the city.

The accident took place when a speeding pick-up van hit her around 9 pm while Afroza was waiting for a bus to go home after completing her private tuition, said Shariful Islam, the victim’s brother.

Later, she was rushed to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where the doctors declared her dead around 10:15 pm, said Sub-inspector Md Bachchu Mia of DMCH Hospital police outpost adding that the body was kept in the morgue for an autopsy. A woman and two minor boys were killed in separate road accidents in Netrakona and Chapainawabganj districts on Sunday morning.

In Netrakona, a woman and her minor son were killed in a head-on collision between a passenger bus and an auto-rickshaw on Netrakona-Madan road in Laxmiganj area in sadar upazila.

The deceased were identified as Tania Akhter, 30, wife of Habibur Rahman of Mirzapur village in Atpara upazila and her son Momen, 6.

The accident took place when a Netrakona bound bus hit the auto-rickshaw at the place around 8:15 am, leaving the duo dead on the spot, said Borhan Uddin Khan, officer-in-charge of Netrakona Model Police Station.

Three others including Tania’s daughter Habiba, 12, sustained injuries in the accident.

The injured were taken to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital, said the OC.

In C’nawabganj, a minor boy was killed after being hit by a minibus at Hogla in Gomostapur upazila on Sunday morning.

The deceased was identified as Ibrahim, 7, son of Anarul of the village.

Sub-inspector Aminul Islam of Gomostapur Police Station said the minibus bit Ibrahim while he was crossing the road near his house around 8 am, leaving him dead on the spot.

On information, police arrested the bus driver Rabiul and seized his vehicle. Three people, including the woman’s daughter, have also been injured in the accident.

The accident occurred in the Lakshmiganj area on the Netrokona-Modon Road at 8:15 am on Sunday, said Netrokona Model Police Station OC Borhan Uddin Khan.

The dead have been identified as Tania Akhtar, 30, and her six-year-old son Momen. Tania’s daughter, 12-year-old Habiba Akhtar, has been admitted to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital with injuries.
The two others injured in the accident received first aid at Netrokona Modern Sadar Hospital.

“The bus was travelling from Modon to Netrokona Sadar,” said OC Borhan. “On the way it crashed head-on into an autorickshaw, killing the two on the spot.”

The bus and autorickshaw drivers fled after the accident, the police official said.
 At least four people, including a man and his son, were killed in road accidents in Sirajganj and Munshiganj on Saturday.
United News of Bangladesh reported thar three people, including a man and his son, were killed as a truck hit a pick-up van on Bangabandhu West Bridge connecting highway at Kamarkhanda in Sirajganj.
The deceased were identified as Idris Ali, 60, his son Manju Hossain, 28, residents of village Enayetpur, and pick-up van driver Raju Hossain, son of Titu Hossain, resident of village Santosh in Tangail.
Abdul Hamid, deputy assistant director of Sirajganj Fire Service, said that the accident took place as the stone-laden truck hit the Dhaka-bound van from behind, leaving the trio dead on the spot.
Police recovered the bodies and sent those to Sirajganj 250-bed specialised Bangamata Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib General Hospital for post-mortem examinations.
According to another report of United News of Bangladesh, in Munshiganj, a quack popularly known as ‘Kabiraj’, was killed when a sand-laden truck ran over him on Dhaka-Mawa highway near Shimulia Ferry Ghat of Louhajang upazila.
The deceased was identified as Md Jahangir Alam, 55, resident of village Chhatinia of Damuda upazila; he used to sell medicine at the ferry terminal.
Witnesses said that the truck hit Zahangir at the place around 1:30pm, leaving him dead on the spot.
Mawa traffic police inspector Mridul Ranjan Das said that the truck was seized and handed over to Louhajong police station.

More about: Six people were killed in separate road crashes in Chapainawabganj, Chattogram and Cumilla districts on Tuesday.

In Chapainawabganj, two motorcyclists -- Mizanur Rahman, son of Jalal Uddin, and Moshiur Rahman, son of Salauddin of Kolail Diyar area of Gomastapur upazila -- were killed when a truck rammed their bike in Kolyanpur area of the district town in the morning.

Sub-inspector Golam Mostafa of Sadar Police Station said the motorcycle tumbled while overtaking a pickup van around 8:30 am. Soon, the truck smashed the bike, leaving the duo dead on the spot.

In Chattogram, two passengers of an auto-rickshaw were killed when it turned turtle after being rammed by a lorry at EPZ intersection early in the morning.

One of the deceased was identified as Raju Miah, said assistant sub-inspector Md Alauddin Talukder of Chattogram Medical College Hospital police outpost.

In Cumilla, two fruit traders were killed when a pick-up plunged into a ditch by Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Putia of Daudkandi upazila around 5 pm.

One of the deceased was identified as Jashim Uddin, son of Henu Mia of Titash upazila.

Monirul Islam, officer-in-charge of Iliatganj highway police camp, said the fruit-laden pick-up from Chattogram plunged into the ditch as its driver lost control over the steering while heading towards Batakandi Bazar, leaving two traders killed on the spot. A truck driver was killed and ten others injured in a road crash on Dhaka-Rajshahi highway at Baneshwr in Puthia upazila on Wednesday.

The deceased was identified as Kutub Ali, 32, son of Omar Ali of Charghat upazila.

The accident took place around 11 am when the Natore-bound sand-laden truck hit a microbus after being dashed by a Rajshahi-bound bus of ‘Desh Travels’, leaving the truck driver killed on the spot and ten others injured.

The injured were taken to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital morgue for autopsy, said , said Shakil Uddin Ahmed, officer-in-charge of Puthia Police Station. Three people including a minor boy were killed in a head-on collision between an auto-rickshaw and a human hauler at Manikchar Bazar area in Sadar upazila on Wednesday evening.  

Two of the deceased were identified as Chhabed Ali, 48, and his son Ibrahim, 5, of Karnopur of the upazila.

The accident occurred on Bogura-Dhaka highway around 6 pm, leaving one unidentified dead on the spot and Chhabed Ali and his son critically injured, said Sub-inspector Shaidul Islam of Fulbari Police Outpost.

Locals rushed them to Shahid Ziaur Rahman Medical College where they succumbed to their injuries, the SI added. A man was killed and five others were injured when a pick-up van rammed a human hauler at Mothkhola in Sadar upazila on Friday.

The deceased was identified as Osman Goni, 18, son of Manik Bepari of Matlab Sadar Dakkhin upazila of the district.

Sub-inspector of Sadar Police Station Serajul Islam Chowdhury said the pick-up van hit the human hauler at 8:30 am, leaving its driver dead on the spot and five others injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital. At least seven people were killed and 18 others injured on Friday and Saturday in separate road accidents in five districts, according to UNB.

In Panchagarh, the driver and his assistant of a brick-laden tractor were killed as their vehicle veered into a pond beside Panchagarh-Dhaka highway in Paikpara of Boda upazila on Saturday.

The deceased were tractor driver Mansur Ali, 42, son of Makbul Hossain of Shukurur Dokan in Mithapukur and his assistant Chhatrish Chandra, 38, son of Alsia of Vimpukur village in Boda upzila.

The accident took place in the evening, leaving the duo dead on the spot.

In another accident, two motorcyclists sustained severe injuries as a speeding truck hit their vehicle in Barrister Bazar area in the district town in the evening.

The injured--Abdul Salam, 45, son of Nindu Mahan of Natunbasti in the district town and his wife Munni Akhtar, 38, were admitted to Rangpur Medical College Hospital.

Three passengers of a human hauler were reported to be injured in another road crash at Moinaguri Camp in the town.

In Thakurgaon, two people including a minor died in separate road accidents in Ranisankail and Sadar upazila.

The deceased were Habibullah, 6, son of Tayab Ali of Chandanhot village in Ranisankail upazila and Abdul Awal, 32, son of Saikat Ali of Haripur upazila.

A micro-bus hit Habibullah while he was crossing a road in Ranisankail around 2:00pm killing him on the spot, said Abdul Mannan, officer-in-charge of Ranisankail police station.

In another incident, Abdul Awal died when a tractor hit his motor-cycle killing him on the spot and injuring his wife in Shibganj area of Sadar upazila, said Ashikur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Sadar police station.

In Naogaon, a man was killed while two others sustained injuries as a bus hit a battery-run auto-rickshaw on Potnitala-Sapahar Road in Patnitala upazila around 7:30am.

The deceased was Dudu Mia, 50, driver of the auto-rickshaw.

Officer-in-charge of Patnitola police station Porimal Kumar Chakrabarti said they seized the killer bus but its driver managed to flee.

The injured were admitted to the Upazila Health Complex.

In Dinajpur, at least 11 people were injured in two separate road crashes in Sikdarhat and Mohanpur Bridge areas in the district.

A tractor collided head-on with a motor-cycle injuring two, according to the Police Control Room of the district.

The duo was referred to Dhaka Medical College Hospital from a local hospital as their conditions deteriorated.

In another incident, a tractor hit a micro-bus injuring nine people while it was coming from Fulbari to Dinajpur near Mohanpur Bridge around 1:30pm.

In Lalmonirhat, two motor-cycle riders were killed on Friday night as a Burimari-bound train crushed their motor-cycle at Kakina Kazirhat Rail Crossing in Kaliganj upazila.

The deceased were Abul Kalam Azad, 37, son of Abu Bakar of Gongachora upazila in Rangpur and Alikuzzaman Titu, 42, son of Abdul Gafur of the same area.

Officer-in-charge of Kaliganj police station Makbul Hossain said after the accident police in association with the officials of Fire Service and Civil Defence took the duo to Rangpur Medical College Hospital where physicians declared them dead. Two motorcyclists were killed as a truck hit their vehicle on Dhaka-Sylhet highway in front of Dinarpur Dakhil Madrasa in Nabiganj upazila early Friday.

The deceased were identified as Naim Ahmed, 26, son of Arzu Miah of Sataihal village and Shimul Ahmed, 25, son of late Azmad Miah of Goznaipur village.

Police said that the accident took place on the highway around 1am when the truck hit the motorcycle from behind, leaving Shimul dead on the spot and Naim critically injured.

Later, Shimul died on the way to Sylhet Osmani Medical College and Hospital. At least seven people were killed and 18 others injured on Friday and Saturday in separate road accidents in five districts.

In Panchagarh, the driver and helper of a brick-laden tractor were killed as their vehicle veered into a pond beside Panchagarh-Dhaka highway in Paikpara area of Boda upazila on Saturday.

The deceased were identified as tractor driver Mansur Ali, 42, son of Makbul Hossain of Shukurur Dokan area in Mithapukur and helper Chhatrish Chandra, 38, son of Alsia of Vimpukur village in Boda upzila.

The accident took place in the evening when the tractor veered into the pond in the evening, leaving the duo dead on the spot.

In another accident, two motorcyclists sustained severe injuries as a speeding truck hit their vehicle in Barrister Bazar area in the district town in the evening. 

The injured--Abdul Salam, 45, son of Nindu Mahan of Natunbasti area in the district town and his wife Munni Akhtar, 38, were admitted to Rangpur Medical College Hospital.     

Three passengers of a human hauler were reported to be injured in another road crash at Moinaguri Camp in the town.

In Thakurgaon, two people including a minor died in separate road accidents in Ranisankail and Sadar upazila.

The deceased were identified as Habibullah, 6, son of Tayab Ali of Chandanhot village in Ranisankail upazila and Abdul Awal, 32, son of Saikat Ali of Haripur upazila.
    
A micro-bus hit Habibullah while he was crossing a road in Ranisankail around 2 pm killing him on the spot, said Abdul Mannan, officer-in-charge of Ranisankail Police Station.

In another incident, Abdul Awal died when a tractor his motor-cycle killing him on spot and injuring his wife in Shibganj area of Sadar upazila, said Ashikur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station.

In Naogaon, a man was killed while two others sustained injuries as a bus hit a battery-run auto-rickshaw on Potnitala-Sapahar road in Patnitala upazila around 7:30 am.

The deceased was identified as Dudu Mia, 50, driver of the auto-rickshaw.

Officer-in-charge of Patnitola Police Station Porimal Kumar Chakrabarti said they seized the killer bus but its driver managed to flee.

The injured were admitted to the Upazila Health Complex.

In Dinajpur, at least 11 people were injured in two separate road crashes in Sikdarhat and Mohanpur Bridge areas in the district.

A tractor collided head-on with a motor-cycle injuring two, according to the Police Control Room of the district.

The duo was referred to Dhaka Medical College and Hospital from a local hospital as their conditions worsened.

In another incident, a tractor hit a micro-bus injuring nine people while it was coming from Fulbari to Dinajpur near Mohanpur Bridge around 1:30 pm.

In Lalmonirhat, two motor-cycle riders were killed on Friday night as a Burimari-bound train crushed their motor-cycle at Kakina Kazirhat Rail Crossing in Kaliganj upazila.

The deceased were identified as Abul Kalam Azad, 37, son of Abu Bakar of Gongachora upazila in Rangpur and Alikuzzaman Titu, 42, son of Abdul Gafur of same area.

Officer-in-charge of Kaliganj Police Station Makbul Hossain said after the accident police in association with the officials of Fire Service and Civil Defence took the duo to Rangpur Medical College Hospital where doctors declared them dead. A young man was killed and his elder brother injured as an engine-run van hit a motorcycle rat Palua in Chowgachha upazila on Friday night.
 
The deceased was identified as Sabuj Hossain, 26, son of Shawkat Hossain, of Palua village in Pashapol union.
 
Obaidul Islam Sabuj, chairman of Pashapol union, said the accident took place as the van hit their motorcycle , leaving the duo critically injured.
 
The injured was taken to Jashore General Hospital where doctors declared Sabuj dead. After reviewing 12 cases on road accidents which occurred in the eight months from 25 February to 26 October last year, Prothom Alo found that only one among them is under trial and charge sheets for two more have been submitted so far.

Police officials related to the cases could not even say when the investigations of the remaining 9 cases would be completed.

Also, the charge sheets were submitted without informing the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs of both the cases did not know anything about the charge sheets, Prothom Alo found out.

Most of the time, cases are filed quickly in the face of pressure, yet no progress is made later.

The case, which is under trial, was filed following the accident in which two college student Rajib and Mim were killed in the capital’s Kurmitola area on 29 July last year.

The incident instigated a student protest in the capital and across the country demanding safe roads.

Several top government officials at the time said in public that the student movement had opened their eyes.

Dhaka metropolitan police commissioner Asaduzzaman Miah said, “The students made the police administration stand on moral ground.”

However, the state of the accident cases indicated otherwise. The question arose whether the police actually stood on moral ground as they are moving at a snail’s pace in arresting the accused and submitting charge sheets for the cases. As a result, the trials of these cases are delayed.

According to the police, there are 26 (2 already dead) accused in the 12 cases. Of them, 13 people still could not be arrested. Five of the 11 arrested are on bail. The police said, two accused were absconding after being released on bail.

Little Akifa posing with her dolls. Akifa was killed as a bus hit her on 31 August. Prothom Alo File PhotoAsked about the delayed case investigation, Nirapad Sarak Chai chairman Ilias Kanchan told Prothom Alo, “This is really sad. We have to remember that providing justice can comfort those who lost their loved ones or who were crippled in road accidents. It is necessary speed up the trial.”

An analysis of the accidents showed, the drivers were driving at reckless speeds in six of the cases while two bus drivers did not have driving licenses. Two of the vehicles did not have fitness certificates while three had no route permits. Also, a truck that caused a fatal accident had a faulty design while two other drivers were using mobile phones while driving.

One of the most discussed accidents was the one of Rajib Hossain who lost his hand and died after two weeks as a BRTC bus was overtaking another bus of Sajan Paribahan on 3 April 2018. Police have failed to submit the charge sheet yet in the case although the accused are in police custody.

Shahbagh police station is investigating another case of traffic police inspector Delwar Hossain, who was injured in the accident. On 16 April last year, driver Nazrul Islam allegedly ran the bus over Delwar’s feet. Police is yet to submit the case charge sheet. 

Meanwhile, the police claimed that they filed charge sheets in the case of Dhaka Tribune official Nazimuddin’s death (17May) and Ayesha Khatun who lost her legs (5 April). But the plaintiffs of the cases, Nazimuddin’s brother in law Mohammad Alim and Ayesha Khatun’s husband Tanjir Ahmed, were not  informed about the charge sheets.

A bus totally destroyed in a crash on Dhaka-Chittagong highway in Narayanganj’s Sonargaon area. Prothom Alo File PhotoIn Kushtia, eight-month-old Akifa was seriously injured when a bus of Ganjaraj Faisal Paribahan hit her while she was crossing the road with her mother. She died on 31 August. Akifa’s father Harun-ur-Rashid filed the case with the Kushtia model police station.

The investigation officer of the case, Sumon Kaderi, told Prothom Alo that both the owner and the driver were arrested and jailed.

“Both of them got bail. The driver was arrested again. He has been absconding since he got bail for the second time. The owner of the bus also ran away,” he added.

He could not confirm to the correspondent when the charge sheet would be filed, as well.

Besides, the only accused bus driver in Sonargaon road crash that claimed 10 lives has not been arrested after the accident took place on 26 February.

Police did not submit the charge sheet of the road crash that took place on 25 August last year in Bonpara area of Natorein which 15 were killed.

Among 12, eight accidents took place in Dhaka (between 3 April and 29 July). The remaining four occurred in Kanchpur of Narayanganj (25 February), Kushtia (28 August), in Bonpara of Natore (25 August) and in Doshmile of Panchagarh (26 October) area.

According to the World Health Organisation’s latest report as many as  24,954 people died in road crashes in Bangladesh in 2016. Bangladesh stands third among the top South Asian countries with highest death tolls in road crashes.

However, the ruling Awami League pledged to reduce the death rate in road accidents in its election manifesto. It vowed to implement the ‘Safe Road Act, 2018.’ Also, the government pledged to take stern action against drivers without licenses, not permitting vehicles without fitness, and following the proper rules for issuing license to the drivers. 
The incident occurred at Kakina Kajirhat rail crossing point on the Lalmonirhat- Burimari route around 8:30pm on Friday

 
A local unit Awami League leader has been killed and his companion injured after a train hit their motorcycle in Kaliganj upazila of Lalmonirhat. 

The incident occurred at Kakina Kajirhat rail crossing point on the Lalmonirhat- Burimari route around 4:30pm on Friday.

The deceased, identified as Abul Kalam Azad, 38, son of Abu Bakar of Ganagachara upazila, was the president of Awami League’s Gajaghanta union unit.

The injured man, Atikuzzaman Titu, 40, son of Abdul Gafur of the same area, is currently undergoing treatment at Rangpur Medical College Hospital (RMCH).

Confirming the matter to Dhaka Tribune, RMCH Police Outpost Inspector Abidur Rahman said the accident  took place when Azad- along with his companion- was heading to Gangachara upazila of Rangpur from Lalmonirhat’s Kaliganj upazila. Following the accident, both men - Azad in critical condition - were rushed to RMCH. 

Soon after their arrival at hospital, Azad succumbed to his injuries. Titu is still undergoing treatment and currently is out of danger, the inspector added. 
 The accident occurred when a bus rammed the vehicle on Sunday morning

 
An auto-rickshaw driver and a passenger have been killed in a road accident in Abdullahpur stand area of Keraniganj.

The deceased could not be identified immediately.

The accident occurred when a bus rammed the vehicle on Sunday morning, reports the UNB.

Golam Morshed Talukder, officer-in-charge of Hasara highway police station, said the duo died on the spot in the accident. Two motorcyclists were killed as a jeep crashed into their bike on Tamaroddin-Hatia road at Khabirmia in Hatia upazila on Sunday.

The deceased were identified as Ariful Islam Raful, 29, and Md Yusuf, 60, of Khirdia village in the upazila.

Quoting locals, officer-in-charge of Hatia Police Station Md Quamruzzaman said the jeep hit the motorbike around 12 pm, leaving motorcyclist Ariful dead on the spot and its pillion rider Yusuf severely injured.

Five passengers of the jeep were also injured as it veered off the road after the collision.

The injured were taken to Hatia upazila health complex where doctors referred Yusuf to Noakhali General Hospital. However, he succumbed to his injuries on the way to the hospital. An auto-rickshaw driver and a passenger were killed when a bus rammed the vehicle at Abdullahpur bus stand in Keraniganj, Dhaka on Sunday morning, reports UNB.

The deceased could not be identified immediately.

The accident took place when a bus rammed the auto-rickshaw in the area, leaving the duo dead on the spot, said Golam Morshed Talukder, officer-in-charge of Hasara highway police station. At least five people have been killed and four others injured as a microbus lost control and crashed into a roadside tree in Brahmanbaria.

Khantihata Highway Police OC Hossain Sarkar of the district said that the accident took place at 2:30pm on Tuesday on the Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in Birpasha village.

The victims were all working at ACI Ltd.

The dead have been identified as Apu, 33, his wife Jhumur, 20, Parash, 32, Rijon, 31, and Hasan Jaman, 32. All of them were residents of Dhaka’s Khilgaon area.

Four injured, including a driver, were sent to Madhabpur Upazila Health Complex in Habiganj.

They hired a microbus to visit Sylhet and ran into the accident, OC Hossain Sarkar said. A motorcyclist was crushed under a bus in Thakurgaon on Monday night.

The deceased was Danesh Barman, 38, son of Surendranath Barman of Dholarhat village.

Mofidar Rahman, station officer of Thakurgaon Fire Service and Civil Defence, said a bus ran over Danesh when he fell down on the road after his motorcycle had slipped, leaving him dead at Chhoto Khochabari area in Sadar upazila.

Pillion-rider Subal Roy, who sustained minor injuries, was taken to Thakurgaon Sadar Hospital. We need massive infrastructural changes to be able to save lives

 
In emergency medicine, the “golden hour” refers to a time period lasting for one hour following traumatic injury being sustained by a casualty or medical emergency, during which there is the highest likelihood that prompt medical treatment could prevent death. 

The phrase was first introduced during emergency military medical aid at the close of World War II and the Korean conflict. 

Emergency medical services regarding road crashes are similar, which has been found to be the case in many studies, indicating that the single most prevalent cause of death for injured road crash survivors was blood loss, mainly due to the failure to get these individuals into serious life-saving medical treatment quickly after being injured. 

The world’s first road crash death was recorded back in 1896. After more than a century, WHO data shows that 1.25 million people are killed on the roads every year, and as many as 50 million are injured. Road crashes were ranked as the 11th leading cause of death, and account for 2.1% of all deaths globally, which is also the second leading cause of death among people aged five to 29 years, and leaving 20 million people in different forms of disability annually. 

If coordinated and sustainable measures are not initiated now, WHO has predicted that road crashes will become the seventh leading cause of death by 2030. WHO data also shows that road crashes cost most countries 3% of their GDP and are increasingly putting a significant strain on the health care budget. 

In Bangladesh, despite the high number of road crash casualties, the government is yet to develop an authentic coordinated mechanism to counter them.

Challenges of managing this “golden hour” are enormous, starting from getting timely information about the road crashes and responding to the emergency. Historically, both the private and public medical service providing agencies and institutions in South Asia, including Bangladesh, have been negligent in providing emergency medical services to road crash survivors. 

In addition, “Good Samaritans” ie by-standers and passers-by who could provide help to the victims have the fear of legal consequences, harassment, and repeated police interrogation. Across the globe, there are practices of legislative protection for Good Samaritans, but we are yet to frame any institutional mechanism for their protection here. 

Responding to a writ petition of BLAST, on February 10, 2016, the High Court also issued a rule nisi, asking the director general of health services and the secretary of the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Road Transport and Bridges, and the Bangladesh Medical and Dental Council to pursue directions and frame guidelines which would make it mandatory for all public and private hospitals and clinics to provide emergency medical services to survivors of any road crash. 

The High Court directive observed that “failure of the said agencies to ensure emergency medical services by hospitals and doctors for patients in a life threatening situation particularly following a road crash is a violation of fundamental rights guaranteed under the Article 27, 31, and 32 of the constitution, read with Articles 15(a) and 18 and 21.”

Though the responding parties were supposed to take initiatives within four weeks of the issuing of the directives, the concerned authorities are yet to finalize any of these regulations or guidelines. 

The proposed Road Transport (draft) Act 2017 has made the owner or company or driver or any representative of the vehicles involved in the crash accountable with regards to transporting the injured to the nearby emergency medical service providing agency, including informing the nearby police station or fire services. 

Representatives of the transport owners and workers are in disagreement with the proposed provisions, arguing that during most of the road crashes, operators -- drivers, conductors, and helpers -- also become victims of the crash and the owners stay away of the spot. 

But road safety activists and experts have suggested transport owners should set up mechanisms to monitor road crashes round the clock, and inform all concerned to provide required support when any crash takes place, a prerequisite towards managing the “golden hour.”

Social attitudes around road crashes have greater influence over the non-responsive behaviour of the operators. After road crashes, they tend to fl ee the scene as quickly as possible to save themselves from the public’s wrath. 

Professor Md Shamsul Hoque of the Department of Civil Engineering, BUET, who is also a road safety expert, has conducted research on a few road crashes in Bangladesh, eg the Manikganj crash which killed two boys, and the Mirsharai crash that killed 38 students, and showed that neither of the vehicles were solely responsible -- rather, there were other contributing factors. 

So, to make operators accountable and provide mandatory support as stipulated in the proposed Road Transport (draft) Act 2017, changes in social attitudes are a must, which require a nationwide campaign engaging the community and all stake-holders. 

While the transportation for crash survivors needs to be ensured, so does the skill and capacity of rendering emergency medical services. 

To handle such emergencies, coordinated efforts of all concerned are required, but in the long term, separate legislation should address the issue.

Thus, to manage the “golden hour,” an institutional framework is required, which should include, among others, the following provisions:

Emergency medical service providing agencies and institutions should not only be made accountable to respond during crisis moments but also should take suitable measures to enhance their skill and capacity.
Community-based response mechanism needs to be developed, including adequate training of the members of road safety committees who will be working as designated trusted team member sto find out the facts and facilitate producing the first report within 15 minutes. 
To analyze the extent of the road crash, the designated trusted team should be capacitated to take critical decisions in the shortest possible time.
Transport owners, agencies, and authorities should develop a mechanism to monitor road crashes across the country round the clock. 
A separate legislation should be enacted for the protection of the Good Samaritans. 
A national database should be developed and maintained on road crash deaths and injuries. A sexagenarian man was killed when a covered van ran over him at Ramnagar Ghat in Chatmohor upazila early Wednesday.

The deceased was identified as Rabban Ali, 65 of the village.

Shahidul islam Tapu, a local UP member, said a group of buffalo lifters swooped on the house of one Ershad Ali around 4 am.

Sensing presence of the lifters, Ershad Ali called a number of people over phone and asked them to intercept the covered van while the lifters were trying to leave the scene.

Later, locals encircled the buffalo-laden pick-up van, but defying the obstacles, the covered-van ploughed through the crowd, leaving Rabban Ali killed on the spot. At least five people were killed and four others critically injured as a microbus hit a roadside tree after the driver lost control in Brahmanbaria's Bijoynagar upazila yesterday. The accident took place on the Dhaka-Sylhet highway in Birpasha area around 2:30pm, said Hossain Sarker, officer-in-charge of Sarail Bishwaroad Highway Police Station, adding that the microbus driver was on the run after the accident.

He said all the victims, except one, were employees of mobile phone brand Oppo and they were on their way to Sylhet from Dhaka to attend a wedding. 


 The dead were identified as Apu, 33, and his wife Jhumur, 20, Rizon, 31, Hasan Zaman, 32, and Parash Kanti, 32, of south Goran area in the capital's Khilgaon area. Jhumur was a housewife.

The injured were admitted to Habiganj's Madhabpur upazila Health Complex in critical condition.

OC Sarker said highway police later found the driver Nabir Ali in Madhabpur around 9:30pm and arrested him. 
Marked 7 % rise in road fatalities despite heightened road safety campaign

 
Bikers and pillion riders wearing helmets on Dhaka streets was not a common site up until late last year. Now things have changed for better. 

Tragic deaths of two college-goers in a road accident on Airport Road triggered a nationwide outrage against gross violations of traffic rules. That prompted traffic police to go on awareness drives several times in quick successions including the one they launched yesterday. 

Such drives surely helped people better understand the value of maintaining traffic rules.

But if statistics of road crash fatalities is something to go by – Bangladesh needs to walk extra miles to reach the level where pedestrians, drivers and all other stakeholders become more aware and yearly death tolls from road crashes subside.  

Despite last year's massive nationwide road safety movement, the country has continued to witness a large number of road accidents, with total fatalities reaching 4,580 in 2018.

Fatalities numbered 1,735 in the last five months. On average, 347 people died between August and December, despite the nine-day protest that brought all major cities—primarily Dhaka—to a standstill from July 29.

The protests erupted when students took to the streets to demand justice for the death of two college students, who were killed by a speeding bus on Airport Road at Kurmitola, in Dhaka, on the same day.  

However, last year's overall percentage of deaths from road accidents is almost 7% higher than that of 2017, when 4,284 lives were lost.



Bangladesh also registered a significant increase, 19.58%, in road accidents in 2018 compared to 2017. Compared to 3,472 accidents in 2017, there were 4,317 deaths in 2018.

The National Committee to Protect Shipping, Roads and Railways (NCPSRR), a non-government organization, published the figures in their latest study.

The number of injured from accidents also jumped to 10,828 throughout 2018, and had previously stood at 9,112 in 2017.

As many as 679 children and 591 women were killed last year; where the figure for the two groups stood at 539 and 516 respectively in 2017.

The study was conducted based on news reports published by several media outlets in the country, the NCPSRR says. 

In 2016, there were 2,998 road accidents resulting in 3,412 deaths—including 470 women and 453 children—and 8,572 injured individuals. 

NCPSRR General Secretary Ashis Kumar Dey said they have identified 11 key reasons for the growing number of traffic fatalities.

“Reckless driving, use of overloaded vehicles, gross violations of traffic rules in densely populated areas, an increase in the number of motorbikes and three-wheelers on highways, unskilled drivers, and distracted driving are among the major reasons,” he said.

Ashis also attributed the escalating number of road accidents to the tendency to overtake, locally-mechanized vehicles, and pedestrians not using foot-over bridges. 

Fatalities rising during Eid

During the last Eid-ul-Fitr, in the span of 13 days starting from June 12, there were 211 road accidents which killed 248 people and injured 717 others. 

Meanwhile, during the holidays of Eid-ul-Azha, 142 people were killed and 318 were injured in 96 road accidents from August 15 to August 25.

More than 16 lives were claimed, on average, daily during the two Eid holidays. 

The number of people dying in road accidents each day, in 2018, was a little over 12. 

'Stricter implementation of traffic laws can reduce fatalities' 

Professor Dr Md Mizanur Rahman, director of the Accident Research Institute at Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (Buet), finds the overall deaths in road accidents “low” in comparison to the density of population.  

However, the figure appears much higher when it comes to the number of vehicles on local roads and highways, compared to that of other countries, he said.

Mizanur furthered that the punishment in the Road Transport Act 2018—a five-year jail term for casualties caused by reckless driving—could have been stricter. 

""There are still possibilities to reduce the death toll if the law is implemented properly,"" he said. 

He added that accidents cost Bangladesh around 2% of its gross domestic product annually.  

""Casualties will decrease significantly once most of the highways have four lanes,"" Mizanur said. ""There also needs to be mass awareness of traffic rules.""
 The victims were on a Sugandha Paribahan bus that veered out of control after one of its front tyres exploded, police have said.

The accident occurred around 10:00pm Wednesday at Boropul on the Noakhali-Feni road, said Begumganj Police OC Firoz Alam Molla.

The deceased were identified as Bazlur Rahman, a 50-year-old who was assisting the driver and passenger Anwar Hossain, 30. 

“The bus was travelling to Feni from Noakhali’s Shonapur when one of its front tyres burst causing the driver to lose control of the vehicle,” said OC Firoz.

The bodies were recovered when the police and fire fighters pulled up the bus from the ditch after trying for an hour. The accident took place on the Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in the Shashai area of Bijoynagar Upazila around 5 am on Saturday, according to the police.

One of the dead was bus driver while another was an assistant of the truck driver, police said. They have yet to be identified.

A bus, operated by London Express Ltd, was heading to Sylhet and collided with a stone-laden truck coming from the opposite direction, killing two people on the spot, said Mohammad Hossain, chief of Khatihata Highway Police Outpost in Brahmanbaria.   

One of the injured has been taken to Dhaka and two others were admitted to Sylhet hospital. The rest left the hospital after receiving first aid, he added. Four people, including the driver of a private car, were killed after the vehicle fell into a road-side ditch in Sonargaon area of Narayanganj today.

The deceased were identified as Shahidullah Mokhtar, 45, Ripon, 35, Raju, 35 and Momen, 32, our Narayanganj correspondent reports quoting sub-inspector of Sonargaon Police Station Imanur Hossain.

The identity of the other deceased could not be known immediately.

The car was heading to Araihazar in the district when the driver of the vehicle lost his control over the wheels and fell into the ditch in Taltola area on the Asian Highway last night, police told the correspondent.

Locals found the car in the morning and informed police. At least 12 people, including two children, were killed in road accidents across the country on Friday and yesterday.

Of them, eight people were killed in road accidents on Dhaka-Chattogram highway in Cumilla in one day yesterday.

In Eliotganj, two persons were killed after a bus hit a truck parked beside the road 5am, reports our Cumilla correspondent.

Fahad Al Razi Faisal, a supervisor of a bus of Green Line Paribahan, died at a local health complex, said Monirul Islam, in-charge of Eliotganj Highway Police Outpost.

Anwar Hossain, helper of the bus driver, died on the way to Dhaka Medical College Hospital, he said.


In Burichang upazila, two people were killed when a car hit a roadside tree in Korpai area around noon.

The deceased are Humayun Kabir, son of Matiur Rahman; and Rahman, son of Ashek Ali from Tangail.

In Cumilla Cantonment area, a gypsy woman was killed when a highway police car ran her over around 2pm.

Ansari Mondol, 30, wife Sajib Mondol from Bikrampur in Munshiganj, was hit by the vehicle after she got off a microbus.

In Gouripur, three people were killed and 20 injured when a Cumilla-bound bus hit a pedestrian and fell into a roadside ditch at Gouripur bus stand at about 2:30pm.

Two of the deceased are Nurunessa, 32, from Daudkandi upazila; and Sagar, 28. The identity of the other victim could not be ascertained immediately.

Abul Kalam Azad, officer-in-charge of Daudkandi Highway Police said the injured were taken to the upazila health complex.

Two people were killed and at least eight others injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a truck on Dhaka-Sylhet highway in Shoshoi area of Bijoynagar upazila yesterday, our Brahmanbaria correspondent reports.

Highway police said driver of the “London Express” bus and his helper died on the spot.

The injured were admitted to Sylhet Medical College Hospital and other medical facilities in Habiganj's Madhabpur area.

A child was killed as a motorbike hit him in Rajapur area of Kotalipara upazila in Gopalganj the same day, our Faridpur correspondent adds.

Four-year-old Nirob Mondal, son of Praphulla Mondal from Agailjhara in Barishal, was crossing Kotalipara-Paisarhat road in the area.

According to our Mymensingh correspondent, another child was killed as a bus ran him over while the five-year-old was crossing Mymensingh-Haluaghat road in Dhalir Bazar area of Tarakanda upazila yesterday.

Oli Ullah, son of Hobiqul Islam from Phulpur upazila, died instantly.

Following the accident, locals blocked the road for an hour and vandalised several vehicles, said police. Three members of a family were killed when a truck rammed a motorbike at Bashbaria in Bagatipara upazila on Sunday.

The deceased were identified as Khaledur Rahman, his wife Sonia and there six-year-old daughter Tashfi.

Police said the accident took place when a sand-laden truck hit a motorbike carrying three people, leaving the trio dead on the spot.

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to a hospital morgue for autopsy.

However, police could not arrest anyone as the truck driver managed to flee. The bus supervisor and the driver's assistant were killed in a collision involving three vehicles on the Dhaka-Chattogram highway in Cumilla's Daudkandi on Saturday, reports UNB.

One of them was identified as Fahad Ali Raji Faisal, the supervisor of Green Line and son of late Kaikobad, resident of Lalbagh in Sadar Dakkhin upazila. The driver's assistant, named as Monoar Hossain, is son of Idris Mia, from Manikganj district town.

Iliatganj police outpost inspector, Monirul Islam, said the accident took place when a Dhaka-bound Green Line bus rammed into a covered van from behind around 5:30am.

Within moments, a speeding truck, running behind the bus, hit it, killing Fahad on the spot. Monoar was critically injured.

He succumbed to his injuries while being taken to hospital. Four people were killed and two others injured when a bus collided with an auto-rickshaw at Nirwarispur in Begumganj Upazila on Monday.

The identities of the deceased could not be known immediately.

The accident took place on Begumganj-Sonaimuri road around 1:15pm.

“A Noakhali-bound bus from Dhaka hit an auto-rickshaw, killing four people on the spot and injuring two other,” said Firoz Hossain, officer-in-charge of Begumganj Police Station. 

The injured was taken to a local hospital. The accidents took place in Noakhali, Magura, Jhenaidah and Jamalpur

 
At least eight people were killed in several road accidents across the country on Monday.

In Noakhali, four people were killed and two others injured when a bus hit an auto-rickshaw at Mirwarispur in Begumganj upazila on Monday.

Police said all of the dead, two men and two women, were passengers on the auto-rickshaw.

One of the deceased was identified as Noor Nahar Akter Lovely, 28, of Lalpur village, while the identities of the other deceased could not be known immediately.

""The accident took place in the area around 2:30pm, when a Noakhali-bound bus from Dhaka hit the auto-rickshaw, killing four people on the spot and injuring two others,"" said Firoz Hossain, officer-in-charge of Begumganj police station.

In Magura, an SSC examinee and a child were killed in separate road accidents in the district.

The deceased were identified as Tomal, son of Tonmoy Biswas of Araishoto village in Sadar upazila, and Apon, 8, son of Proshanto Biswas of Tarapur village in Rajbari district.

Sadar police station OC Sirajul Islam said a brick-laden truck hit Tomal’s motorcycle at the Naldaho intersection while he was returning home from a coaching centre, leaving him dead on the spot.

Meanwhile, a passenger bus hit Apon on the Magura-Faridpur road in Lakshmikandor, leaving him dead on the spot. Apon was crossing the road.  

In Jhenaidha, the driver of a three-wheeler was killed when the vehicle hit a roadside tree at Baribathan village in Sadar upazila in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Shimul, 20, son of Harun-or-Rashid Khokon of the village, said Jhenaidah police station OC Mizanur Rahman Khan.

In Jamalpur, a motorcyclist was killed when the vehicle hit a tree on the Nandina-Bonrampur road in Khalishakuri village of Sadar upazila in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Masud, son of Zabed Ali of Tengragarh village.
 At least seven people were killed in separate road accidents in Natore and Narayanganj on Sunday, report UNB and BSS.
United News of Bangladesh reports from Natore that three members of a family were killed when a truck rammed a motorbike at Bashbaria in Bagatipara upazila on Sunday.
The deceased were identified as Khaledur Rahman, his wife Sonia and there six-year-old daughter Tashfi.
Police said the accident took place when a sand-laden truck hit a motorbike carrying three people, leaving the trio dead on the spot.
On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to a hospital morgue for autopsy.
However, police could not arrest anyone as the truck driver managed to flee.
Bangladesh Sangbad Sangtha reports from Narayanganj that four passengers of a private car were killed as the vehicle fell into a roadside ditch in Bostol area of Araihazar in Sonargaon upazila of the district on Sunday.
The deceased were identified as Sahidullah Mukter, 45, son of Kajem Ali, Ripon, 41, son of Ilu Miah, Raju, 42, son of Zahur Ali and Momen, 40, son of Mizanur Rahman. All were residents of different areas of Araihazar upazila.
Officer-in-charge of Sonargaon Police Station Morshed Alam said the accident occurred on Dhaka-Chattogram highway at about 8:00am when the private car fell into the roadside ditch after the driver lost control over the steering due to dense fog, leaving the four people dead on the spot. The accidents took place in Dinajpur, Rajbari, Nilphamari, Bagerhat, Chittagong and Habiganj on Tuesday

 
At least nine people have been killed and several others injured in road crashes in six districts across the country.

The accidents took place in Dinajpur, Rajbari, Nilphamari, Bagerhat, Chittagong and Habiganj on Tuesday.

In Dinajpur, a van passenger was killed when a sand-hauler rear-ended the vehicle at Nawabganj upazila around 7:30am. The van driver, Nazrul Islam, was injured in the crash.

The deceased has been identified as Hafizur Rahman, 45.

Nawabganj police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Subrata Kumar confirmed the incident, saying the Nawabganj-bound sand-hauler had read-ended the van, killing the passenger on the spot and severely injuring the driver.  

The injured was taken to Upazila Health Complex, and later admitted to M Rahim Medical Hospital.

In Rajbari, a worker was killed and two others were injured when a construction vehicle turned over on the Rajbari-Kushtia Highway at Pangsha upazila around 10am.

The deceased has been identified as Ashik Pramanik, 20, while the injured are Hridoy, 18, and Sagor, 14.

Pangsha Highway police station OC Md Ashik said the Pangsha-bound construction vehicle collided with a van head-on and overturned, killing Pramanik on the spot.

The injured were admitted to Pangsha Hospital, while the body of the victim was sent to Sadar Hospital for autopsy, he added.  

In Nilphamari, a local grocery shop owner was killed when a truck ran him over on the Nilphamari-Ramganj Highway in Nilphamari Sadar around 11am.

The deceased was identified as Jamiar Rahman, 60, a resident of Jaldhaka upazila.

Nilphamari Sadar police station OC confirmed the incident and said the truck driver has been apprehended, while the body of the deceased was taken to the police station.

In Bagerhat, four people were killed and 21 others injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a truck on the Khulna-Mawa Highway in Fakirhat upazila around 12pm.

The deceased were identified as the truck driver, Kamruzzaman, 32, Mahamudul Hasan, a 15-year-old schoolboy from Khulna, and Bipin Poddar, 51, of Mollahat upazila. The fourth victim could not be identified immediately.

Moloy Roy, sub-inspector of Katakhali Highway Police outpost, said the accident took place around noon when a Dhaka-bound bus Tungipara Express collided head-on with a truck, killing three people on the spot and injuring 21 others.

Five of the injured were taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital, where one succumbed to his injuries.

Traffic on the busy road remained suspended for about two and a half hours after the accident.

In Chittagong, a schoolboy was killed when the tempo he was travelling in collided head-on with an auto-rickshaw on the Kadamtali flyover around 10am.

The deceased has been identified as Kazi Mahmudur Rahman, son of a bank official and an eighth-grader at Chittagong Collegiate School.

Double Mooring police station OC AKM Mohiuddin Selim said Mahmudur was taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital where the on-duty doctor declared him dead.

“The auto-rickshaw driver has been arrested in connection with the incident,” he added.

In Habiganj, a boy was killed, after being run over by a truck on the Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in Bahubal upazila of the district around 5pm.

The deceased was identified as Ashraf, 6, son of Foysal Mia of Bishnupur village in the upazila, reports BSS. 

Bahubal police station OC confirmed the incident and said the accident occurred in Cholitatola area while Ashraf was crossing the road. He died on the spot. At least 10 people were killed and 22 others injured in separate road accidents across the country on Tuesday. 

In Bagerhat, four people were killed and 20 others injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a truck on Khulna-Mawa Highway in Fakirhat Upazila.

The deceased were identified as the truck's driver Kamruzzaman, 32, son of Samsuzzaman of Satkhira district; Mahamudul Hasan, 15, a schoolboy from Khulna and Bipin Poddar, 51 of Mollahat upazila. The identity of the fourth victim could not be known yet.

Sub-inspector Moloy Roy of Katakhali Highway Police outpost, said the accident took place around noon when a Dhaka-bound bus of 'Tungipara Express' collided head-on with a truck, killing three people on the spot and injuring 21 others.

Of the injured, five were taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital. But one of them succumbed to his injuries.

Traffic on the busy road remained suspended for about two and a half hours after the incident.

In Dinajpur, a severely injured three-wheeler diver Hafizur Rahman, 45, succumbed to his injuries at a hospital after a sand laden truck hit him at Haluaghat area of Nababganj upazila.

Subrata Kumar Sarkar, officer-in-charge of Nababganj Police Station, said the accident took place around 7 am.

In Nilphamari, a truck crushed a three-wheeler killing a man in front of Samsul Haque Auto Rice Mills on Nilphamari-Ramganj road around 11 am.

Police identified the deceased as Zamiar Rahman, resident of Balarpukur area of Jaldhaka upazila.

In Habiganj, a severely injured young man died as a motor-cycle turned turtle while he was learning to ride at Bahubal upazila in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Sabbir Ahmed, 18, son of Mukhles Mia of Goaroa village of Sabbir upazila, said Md Masuk Ali, officer-in-charge of Bahubal Police Station.

In Sirajganj, a trader died after a truck hit him while he was crossing road at Koddarmore area in Sadar upazila.

Syed Shahid Alam, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge police outpost, said a truck crushed Munnaf Sarkar leaving him severely injured.

Later, he was taken to a hospital where the doctors declared him dead.

In Chattogram, a schoolboy was killed following a head-on collision between a human hauler and a CNG-run auto-rickshaw in the morning.

Doctors declared Masudur Rahman, 14, an eighth grader, dead after he was taken to Chittagong Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said Assistant Sub-inspector Alauddin Talukdar of CMCH police outpost.

In Joypurhat, a fisherman died and two others injured as a human hauler over turned near Amdoi-Chaumkhoni Bazar in Sadar upazila while they were returning back after netting fish from a water body.

The deceased Asit, 37, son of Holadhar of Majhipara village in Sadar upazila died on the spot, said Sirajul Islam, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station. 
 Kazi Mahmudur Rahman, an eighth grader, was killed when the tempo he was travelling on collided head on with an auto-rickshaw around 10am Tuesday, police have said.

Mahmud was taken to Chattogram Medical College Hospital where the on-duty doctor declared him dead, said Doublemooring Police Station OC AKM Mohiuddin Selim.

“The tempo collided with the auto-rickshaw on its way up the Kodomtali flyover,” said OC Selim. “The driver of the auto-rickshaw has been arrested.”

Mahmudur, son of bank official, was a student of the Chittagong Collegiate School. At least 10 people were killed and 22 others injured in separate road accidents across the country on Tuesday. 

In Bagerhat, four people were killed and 20 others injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a truck on Khulna-Mawa Highway in Fakirhat Upazila.

The deceased were identified as the truck's driver Kamruzzaman, 32, son of Samsuzzaman of Satkhira district; Mahamudul Hasan, 15, a schoolboy from Khulna and Bipin Poddar, 51 of Mollahat upazila. The identity of the fourth victim could not be known yet.

Sub-inspector Moloy Roy of Katakhali Highway Police outpost, said the accident took place around noon when a Dhaka-bound bus of 'Tungipara Express' collided head-on with a truck, killing three people on the spot and injuring 21 others.

Of the injured, five were taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital. But one of them succumbed to his injuries.

Traffic on the busy road remained suspended for about two and a half hours after the incident.

In Dinajpur, a severely injured three-wheeler diver Hafizur Rahman, 45, succumbed to his injuries at a hospital after a sand laden truck hit him at Haluaghat area of Nababganj upazila.

Subrata Kumar Sarkar, officer-in-charge of Nababganj Police Station, said the accident took place around 7 am.

In Nilphamari, a truck crushed a three-wheeler killing a man in front of Samsul Haque Auto Rice Mills on Nilphamari-Ramganj road around 11 am.

Police identified the deceased as Zamiar Rahman, resident of Balarpukur area of Jaldhaka upazila.

In Habiganj, a severely injured young man died as a motor-cycle turned turtle while he was learning to ride at Bahubal upazila in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Sabbir Ahmed, 18, son of Mukhles Mia of Goaroa village of Sabbir upazila, said Md Masuk Ali, officer-in-charge of Bahubal Police Station.

In Sirajganj, a trader died after a truck hit him while he was crossing road at Koddarmore area in Sadar upazila.

Syed Shahid Alam, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge police outpost, said a truck crushed Munnaf Sarkar leaving him severely injured.

Later, he was taken to a hospital where the doctors declared him dead.

In Chattogram, a schoolboy was killed following a head-on collision between a human hauler and a CNG-run auto-rickshaw in the morning.

Doctors declared Masudur Rahman, 14, an eighth grader, dead after he was taken to Chittagong Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said Assistant Sub-inspector Alauddin Talukdar of CMCH police outpost.

In Joypurhat, a fisherman died and two others injured as a human hauler over turned near Amdoi-Chaumkhoni Bazar in Sadar upazila while they were returning back after netting fish from a water body.

The deceased Asit, 37, son of Holadhar of Majhipara village in Sadar upazila died on the spot, said Sirajul Islam, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station. 
 The accidents took place in Dinajpur, Rajbari, Nilphamari, Bagerhat, Chittagong and Habiganj on Tuesday

 
At least nine people have been killed and several others injured in road crashes in six districts across the country.

The accidents took place in Dinajpur, Rajbari, Nilphamari, Bagerhat, Chittagong and Habiganj on Tuesday.

In Dinajpur, a van passenger was killed when a sand-hauler rear-ended the vehicle at Nawabganj upazila around 7:30am. The van driver, Nazrul Islam, was injured in the crash.

The deceased has been identified as Hafizur Rahman, 45.

Nawabganj police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Subrata Kumar confirmed the incident, saying the Nawabganj-bound sand-hauler had read-ended the van, killing the passenger on the spot and severely injuring the driver.  

The injured was taken to Upazila Health Complex, and later admitted to M Rahim Medical Hospital.

In Rajbari, a worker was killed and two others were injured when a construction vehicle turned over on the Rajbari-Kushtia Highway at Pangsha upazila around 10am.

The deceased has been identified as Ashik Pramanik, 20, while the injured are Hridoy, 18, and Sagor, 14.

Pangsha Highway police station OC Md Ashik said the Pangsha-bound construction vehicle collided with a van head-on and overturned, killing Pramanik on the spot.

The injured were admitted to Pangsha Hospital, while the body of the victim was sent to Sadar Hospital for autopsy, he added.  

In Nilphamari, a local grocery shop owner was killed when a truck ran him over on the Nilphamari-Ramganj Highway in Nilphamari Sadar around 11am.

The deceased was identified as Jamiar Rahman, 60, a resident of Jaldhaka upazila.

Nilphamari Sadar police station OC confirmed the incident and said the truck driver has been apprehended, while the body of the deceased was taken to the police station.

In Bagerhat, four people were killed and 21 others injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a truck on the Khulna-Mawa Highway in Fakirhat upazila around 12pm.

The deceased were identified as the truck driver, Kamruzzaman, 32, Mahamudul Hasan, a 15-year-old schoolboy from Khulna, and Bipin Poddar, 51, of Mollahat upazila. The fourth victim could not be identified immediately.

Moloy Roy, sub-inspector of Katakhali Highway Police outpost, said the accident took place around noon when a Dhaka-bound bus Tungipara Express collided head-on with a truck, killing three people on the spot and injuring 21 others.

Five of the injured were taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital, where one succumbed to his injuries.

Traffic on the busy road remained suspended for about two and a half hours after the accident.

In Chittagong, a schoolboy was killed when the tempo he was travelling in collided head-on with an auto-rickshaw on the Kadamtali flyover around 10am.

The deceased has been identified as Kazi Mahmudur Rahman, son of a bank official and an eighth-grader at Chittagong Collegiate School.

Double Mooring police station OC AKM Mohiuddin Selim said Mahmudur was taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital where the on-duty doctor declared him dead.

“The auto-rickshaw driver has been arrested in connection with the incident,” he added.

In Habiganj, a boy was killed, after being run over by a truck on the Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in Bahubal upazila of the district around 5pm.

The deceased was identified as Ashraf, 6, son of Foysal Mia of Bishnupur village in the upazila, reports BSS. 

Bahubal police station OC confirmed the incident and said the accident occurred in Cholitatola area while Ashraf was crossing the road. He died on the spot.
 Seven people, including six members of the same family, have died in a deadly road crash on Wednesday morning in Bangladesh's Lakshmipur district, some 137 km southeast of capital Dhaka.

Shahjahan Khan, a highway patrol official in the district declared that the passengers were attending a hospitale, where a relative was admitted, when the crash took place at about 5:00 a.m. local time Wednesday.

He added that the auto-rickshaw's driver has lost his live on the site.

The official confirmed that the ill-fated auto-rickshaw was struck by a truck on the highway. Seven people, including six members of a family, were killed when a truck rammed a CNG-run auto-rickshaw at West Mandarin in Lakshmipur sadar upazila early Wednesday, reports UNB.

The deceased are Rokeya Begum, Shah Alam, Shamsunnahar, Nasima Begum, Rubel, Amit and CNG driver Nur Hossain.

.The accident took place around 3:30am when a truck hit the Chandraganj-bound CNG-run auto-rickshaw, leaving its passengers and the driver dead on the spot, said Shahjahan, inspector of Chandraganj Highway police.

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to local hospital morgue. An employee of a buying house was killed when a lorry knocked him down in front of Shahzadpur Confidence Tower in the city’s Badda area on Wednesday night.
 
The deceased was identified as Jasson Aronga Ramsisu, 28, son of Kalyan Rongken of Bhatara area in the city.
 
The accident took place around 11 pm when a lorry hit him while he was standing beside the road, leaving him dead on the spot, said Sub-inspector Golam Mostafa of Gulshan Police Station.
 
On information, police recovered the body and sent it to Dhaka Medical College Hospital morgue for an autopsy.
 A man was killed and six others injured when a truck ploughed through a shop on Sonapara-Kabirhat road at Junaidpur in Kabirhat upazila on Thursday.

The deceased was identified as Golam Mawla, 45, a mason by profession.

The accident took place around 8:30 am when a Sonapur-bound truck ploughed through a shop after its driver lost his control over the steering, leaving Golam Mawla killed on the spot and six others injured, said Mirza Mohammad Hasan, officer-in-charge of Kabirhat Police Station.

The injured were taken to upazila health complex, he added. 

Total three people were injured across the country

 
At least six people have been killed and several others injured in road crashes across the country.

In Dhaka, a buying house employee was run-over by a lorry in front of Shahzadpur Confidence Tower in Badda around 11pm on Wednesday.

The deceased was identified as Jasson Aronga Ramsisu.

Police recovered the body and sent it to Dhaka Medical College Hospital morgue for autopsy.

In Chittagong, an intern doctor on a motorcycle was rammed by a Hanif Paribahan bus on the Chittagong-Cox's Bazar Highway in Satkania upazila on Wednesday around 9:45pm. 

The deceased, Jubaidul Haque, was posted at the Cox's Bazar's Kutupalong Rohingya Refugee Camp.

Police seized the bus from the scene, but the driver escaped.

In Lakshmipur, a schoolteacher was killed after a pickup van hit his motorcycle in Dakkhin Temuhoni area on Thursday around 12pm.

The deceased was identified as Mizanur Rahman Rubel.

In Bagerhat, a college student was killed and two others were injured in a motorcycle accident in Boro Charpara area in Chitolmari upazila on Thursday afternoon.

The deceased has been identified as Sadi Sheikh, 17, a first year student at Sher-e-Bangla Degree College.

According to witnesses, Sadi lost control of this motorcycle and crashed into a nearby tree, along with his two friends Ismail and Ramjan.

In Gopalganj, a six-year-old girl was run over by a picnic bus on the Tungipara-Kotalipara Highway on Thursday evening.

The deceased has been identified as Labiba Khanam.

Police seized the bus and detained the driver.

In Sirajganj, a student of Jagannath University was killed and his brother injured after they were hit by a covered van on the Dhaka-Rajshahi Highway in Kamarkhand upazila on Thursday evening.

The deceased has been identified as ASM Julhash Jim, a third year law student.

Locals rescued them and took them to Bangamata Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib General Hospital, where Julhash succumbed to his injuries.

Police seized the covered van, but the driver and helper fled.
 A truck loaded with coal overturned and crashed into workers’ huts at a brickfield early Friday in eastern Bangladesh, leaving 13 dead and two injured, police said.

The driver lost control of the truck when it plowed into the housing units as the workers were asleep at Chauddogram in Cumilla district, local police chief Mahfuzur Rahman said. It was not immediately clear what happened to the driver.

He said a dozen workers died at the scene while another succumbed to his injuries on the way to a hospital. Two others were being treated.

Cumilla is 84 kilometers (52 miles) southeast of Dhaka, the capital.

Road accidents are common and about 12,000 people die each year in Bangladesh because of lax enforcement of traffic laws, reckless driving and bad roads. At least 13 brickfield workers were killed and two others injured when a truck loaded with coal overturned and crashed into their huts on Friday in south-eastern Bangladesh, police said.

The truck was supplying coal to the brickfield Kazi and Co' in Cumilla's Chauddagram area that had a hut for workers next to a pile of coal, Fire Service Official Nazir Ahmed told bdnews24.com. 

Seven of the deceased are from the same family

 
On Friday morning, a truck flipped over and crushed a workers’ shed in Comilla, killing 13 sleeping workers and injuring five others.

Confirming the matter to the Dhaka Tribune, Chauddagram police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Abdullah Al Mahfuz said: “Around 7:30am on Friday the truck was parked near the brick field to unload coal, when it suddenly flipped over and crushed the shed housing labourers, near Narayanpur in Chauddagram.

“Ten of the deceased victims are from the Hindu community, of which seven are from the same family.” Locals and emergency services arrived at the spot to conduct a search and rescue operation. The driver and helper of the truck are currently on the run.”

Comilla Deputy Commissioner Md Abul Fazal Mir and Additional Superintendent of Police Abdullah Al Mamun have visited the scene of the accident.

The deputy commissioner and the brick field owner have donated Tk20,000 and Tk10,000, respectively, to each of the deceased victims’ families.

The additional superintendent of police said a four-member committee has been formed to investigate the accident.

They are: Ranjit Chandra Roy, 30; Md Mursalin, 18; Md Masum, 18; Tarun Chandra Roy, 25; Md Selim, 28; Biplob, 19; Monoranjan Roy, 19; Shakkar Chandra Roy, 22; Dipu Chandra Roy, 19; Amit Chandra Roy, 20; Minal Chandra Roy, 21; Bikash Chandra Roy, 28; and Kanak Chandra Roy, 34. A massive student-led protest for safer roads seems to have failed to drive home the point as there is no let up in road accidents in the country. In the first 22 days of this year, a total of 202 persons died in different road accidents across Bangladesh.


According to Prothom Alo, 6,073 persons died in the country in the last 697 days due to such mishaps.Experts say this northward trend in road accidents is a result of the collective indifference of the authorities in implementing plans intended to make roads safe. The Independent found out that most of the plans to ensure safer roads are still on paper and yet to see implementation.

According to Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA) statistics, there are 2.6 million registered vehicles in the country. However, only 1.7 million driving licenses have been issued by the agency, indicating that there are almost one million drivers without licenses. Only five years ago, there were 1.4 million vehicles and the number of license holders was 998,000.

In 2012, the government planned to introduce driving courses in technical schools and colleges under the Vocational Education Board. The communications ministry, which has now become the road transport and bridges ministry, made that plan in line with a suggestion by the Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA).

In 2011-12, several BRTA drives found that about 80 unauthorised driving schools in major cities were churning out hundreds of poorly trained drivers.

Seven years later, the problem still persists.

BRTA director Mohammed Nurul Islam yesterday said there were 41 BRTA-authorised driving schools in the country, including 26 in Dhaka. “But these numbers look paltry in the face of hundreds of thousands of drivers operating across the country,” he added.

Nurul Islam told The Independent that all vehicles must pass at least 30 different tests to get fitness certificates. “We've only 70 inspectors who are in charge of issuing fitness certificates to over 20 lakh vehicles,” he said.

He admitted that BRTA officials were issuing fitness certificates to vehicles without properly following the inspection procedures set by the transport regulatory body. He said the main conditions for fitness are unchanged original design, proper functioning of brakes and gears, proper functioning of lights, no emission of black smoke, and proper paint.

“But in most cases, it's not possible for the inspectors to check all these aspects,” he added.

He also said many unfit buses—most of them without any route permits— had been plying on the highways, carrying passengers across the country. “Large numbers of vehicles are plying on the road without route permits. Most of them are old and unfit,” he added.

He further said the regional transport committee, headed by the deputy commissioner of each district, was in charge of issuing route permits to vehicles that ply on intra-district routes, while the divisional committee, headed by him, was in charge of issuing permits for vehicles plying on inter-district routes.

“For inter-district routes, bus owners usually have good buses and take route permits from the BRTA. But buses plying on intra-district routes are poorly monitored because of lack of law enforcement. There are many unfit buses that operate on such routes,” he added.  

Dr Shamsul Haque, former director of the Accident Research Institute (ARI) of Bangladesh University of Engineering Technology, told The Independent that successive governments formed a number of committees to remove unfit buses from the roads, but they stopped working after some time.

“Accidents happen in Bangladesh almost every day, but some accidents create a bigger buzz in the media. Immediately after such incidents, the government takes some measures to stem the public outcry. But in the longer run, it tends to forget about its commitments,” he said. At least 7,221 people were killed and 15,466 sustained injuries in some 5,514 road accidents in 2018, according to a report published by Passenger Welfare Association of Bangladesh on Friday.
In 2018, a total of 394 people were killed and 248 were injured in 370 railways accidents while 126 died, 234 were injured and 387 were left missing in 159 waterways accidents.
In 2017, a total of 7,397 people were killed and 16,193 were injured in 4,979 road accidents, another PWAB report shows.
PWAB published the report at a press conference held at the National Press Club.
This was a compilation of reports published on different national, regional dailies and online news portals of the country in 2018, PWAB said.
Among the road accident casualties, 1,205 died in six divisional hospitals during treatment. At least 13 brickfield workers were killed and two others injured when a truck loaded with coal overturned and crashed into their huts on Friday in south-eastern Bangladesh, police said.

The truck was supplying coal to the brickfield Kazi and Co' in Cumilla's Chauddagram area that had a hut for workers next to a pile of coal, Fire Service Official Nazir Ahmed told bdnews24.com.

The driver of the truck was backing the vehicle to dump the coal on that pile when it overturned and fell on the hut where the workers were sleeping, the official said.

In the accident took place early morning 13 workers, all men, were killed while two were injured, a police official said. The two injured workers have been admitted to Cumilla Medical College and Hospital.


Ads by Kiosked A further 15,446 people were injured in a total of 5,514 road crashes throughout the year, the report added.

Mozammel Haque Chowdhury, secretary general of the organisation, announced their findings at the launch of its Annual Road Accident Observation Report in National Press Club on Friday.

The data is based on reports of road crashes published by national, regional and online news agencies, he said.

The victims in 41.53 percent of the reported cases died as a result of being run over by vehicles while 29.72 percent of the deaths occurred in head-on collisions between vehicles.  Around 16.18 percent of the road crash casualties resulted from vehicles falling into ditches.
The number of fatalities from road crashes in 2018 is lower than last year despite an increase in the number of reported accidents, according to the report.

In 2017, 4,979 road crashes left 7,397 dead and 16,193 injured. 

The report also found that 394 were killed in a total of 370 railway accidents while 248 people were injured in 2018.

Waterway accidents left 126 dead and 234 injured while 387 people were reported missing.

Five aviation accidents claimed 55 casualties and left 32 injured, according to the data.

A total of 6,048 accidents on roads, railways, waterways and airways occurred in 2018. At least 13 brick-kiln workers were killed and five others injured when a coal-laden truck overturned on the labour shed of a brick field beside Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Narayanpur in Chouddagram upazila of Bangladesh's Cumilla on Friday.

The deceased were identified as Ranjir Chandra Roy (30), Morsalin (18), Masum (18), TarunChndra Roy (25), Mohammad Selim (28), Biplob (19), Manoranjan Roy (19), Shankar Chandra Roy (22), Dipu Chandra Roy (19), Amit Chandra Roy (20), Minal Chandra Roy (21), Bikash Chandra Roy (28) and Kanak Chandra Roy (34).

Officer-in-charge of Chouddagram police station Abdulla Al Mahfuz said, ""The accident took place around 5:30 am when the truck turned turtle as its driver lost control over the steering while unloading coal and fell over the makeshift sheds of labourers, leaving 12 workers dead on the spot and injuring six others."" Later, the injured were taken to local upazila health complex where another worker died.

The driver and the helper of the truck have been absconding since the accident.

Abdullah Al Mamun, additional superintendent of Cumilla police and deputy commissioner AbulFazal Mir visited the spot.

The local administration has provided Tk 20,000 and the brick field owner Tk 10,000 as compensation for the families of each deceased. Reckless driving, risky overtaking, faulty roads, unfit vehicles, unskilled drivers and a general lack of awareness

among road users are the main reasons behind the crashes, it said. 
“Killing continues in Bangladesh in the name of road accidents,” Mozammel Hoque Chowdhury, secretary general of Bangladesh Jatri Kalyan Samity, said as he revealed the Annual Road Accident Report-2018 at the Jatiya Press Club in the morning.

Hours before he revealed the report, a truck in Cumilla killed at least 13 and injured two others after it crashed into a workers' shed at a brick kiln.

Compared to 2017, the number crashes increased last year, but the casualties were fewer.

The country witnessed an unprecedented students' protest for safer roads last year.

At least 7,397 people were killed and 16,193 others injured in 4,979 crashes in 2017, the organisation said.

It came up with the data by monitoring national, regional and online media reports.

The actual of number crashes and causalities might have been higher because many incidents go unreported.

However, the official number of causalities is a lot lower than the one mentioned in the report.  According to police report, 2,265 were killed and 1,659 others injured in 2,237 crashes during the first 10 months of last year.

OTHER FINDINGS
According to yesterday's report, a total of 394 people died and 248 others injured in 370 incidents on railway tracks.  On waterways, at least 126 died, 234 injured and 387 went missing in 159 incidents.

In five plane crashes, 55 people died and 32 others injured. The numbers include the US-Bangla plane crash in Kathmandu that killed 49 people, including 26 Bangladeshis.

On roads, 41.53 percent of the incidents involved vehicles running over people, 16.18 percent of vehicles falling into ditches and 29.72 percent of collisions.

The organisation recommended widespread awareness campaign about traffic laws, training drivers, quick enforcement of the new Road Transport Act and increasing public transport to prevent crashes.

Mozammel said different initiatives by the government and other organisations, including the Jatri Kalyan Samity, had not been able to stop road crashes.

“There is no coordination between the government and non-government organisations working in the sector.”

The “silent killing” has lost importance among passengers, transport owners and workers, media personnel, civil society and government bodies concerned, he said.

“The country is incurring an irreparable loss due to the deaths of meritorious…people,” he said.

Hossain Zillur Rahman, former adviser to a caretaker government, said causalities in road crashes in 2017 and 2018 remained almost similar. It means that the problems persist.

“There is no lack of initiatives but the pathetic reality is that we can't ensure accountability,” he said. Zillur, also convener of Safe Road and Transport Alliance (SROTA), said accountability could not be ensured due to desperate transport workers and owners, pressure on transport workers to make more trips, extortion and callous road users.

“Taking initiatives is not enough. Focus should be on whether the initiatives are bearing any fruit,” he added.

Senior Journalist Syed Ishtiaque Reza said there was an “evil cycle” in the transport sector, in which the contractors, engineers, police, transport owners and workers and politicians, who don't want to bring discipline on roads, were involved.

Supreme Court lawyer and road safety campaigner Jyotirmoy Barua said discipline on the roads would not be brought through enforcing laws alone. “Emphasis should be given on other related issues too.”

Ekram Ahmed, president of Families United Against Road Accident, stressed the need for strengthening rail and waterways to cut pressure on roads.

Ayubur Rahman Khan, former chairman of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority, urged the government to put the Road Transport Act-2018 in force. A truck loaded with coal overturned and crashed into workers’ huts at a brickfield early Friday in eastern Bangladesh, leaving 13 dead and two injured, police said.

The driver lost control of the truck when it plowed into the housing units as the workers were asleep at Chauddogram in Cumilla district, local police chief Mahfuzur Rahman said. It was not immediately clear what happened to the driver. He said a dozen workers died at the scene while another succumbed to his injuries on the way to a hospital. Two others were being treated.

Cumilla is 84 kilometers (52 miles) southeast of Dhaka, the capital.

Road accidents are common and about 12,000 people die each year in Bangladesh because of lax enforcement of traffic laws, reckless driving and bad roads. At least 13 people have been killed after a coal-laden lorry overturned and hit a makeshift shed built as brickfield Workers’ accommodation in Eastern Bangladesh on Friday, Police said.

12 of them were killed on the spot when the truck overturned and fell on the tin-roofed temporary shed of the Kazi and Company brick kiln at Narayanpur of Cumilla district in the morning, officer Abdullah Al Mahfuz said.

He said the accident occurred when the driver tried to turn the heavily-loaded truck back to offload coal at the brick kiln located nearly 100 kilometres north-east of the capital Dhaka.

Mahfuz said that three other workers were also wounded as the truck plunged onto the hut where 15 workers were sleeping at the time.

He said that one of the injured died later at a hospital, adding that the police were trying to determine the identities of the affected workers.

 I found this interesting A case has been filed against the driver and helper of the truck that overturned and crushed the sleeping workers

 
The government will provide Tk1 lakh to each of the families of the brick kiln workers who were killed when a coal-laden truck overturned at Chouddagram upazila in Comilla district on Friday.

Besides, the families of the injured will get Tk50,000 each, said Akhterul Islam, public relation officer (PRO) of the Ministry of Labour and Employment on Saturday morning.

Akhterul said State Minister for Labour and Employment Munnujan Sufian made the announcement to provide the compensation from Labour Welfare Fund, reports the UNB.

Case filed

A case has been filed against the driver and helper of the truck that overturned and crushed the sleeping workers, reports our Comilla correspondent Masud Alam.

Sanjit Chandra Roy, brother of one of the 13 victims Ranjit Chandra Roy, filed the case with Chouddagram police station Friday night. 

However, both the accused remain unnamed in the case.

Confirming the matter to Dhaka Tribune Saturday morning, Chouddagram Police Station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Abdullah Al Mahfuz said: ""In the case statements, the truck driver and helper have been accused of negligence."" 

According to the case statements, the brick kiln authorities will also be brought under the case if any negligence is found on their part, the OC added.



Also Read- Truck flips over, kills 13 workers in Comilla

Comilla Additional District Superintendent of Police Abdullah Al Noman also confirmed the matter saying: “The district administration has formed two separate probe committees over the matter.”         

How did the accident happen

On Friday morning, a truck flipped over and crushed a workers’ shed in Comilla, killing 13 sleeping workers and injuring five others.

Confirming the matter to the Dhaka Tribune, Chauddagram police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Abdullah Al Mahfuz said: “Around 7:30am on Friday the truck was parked near the brick field to unload coal, when it suddenly flipped over and crushed the shed housing labourers, near Narayanpur in Chauddagram.

“Ten of the deceased victims are from the Hindu community, of which seven are from the same family.”

They are: Ranjit Chandra Roy, 30; Md Mursalin, 18; Md Masum, 18; Tarun Chandra Roy, 25; Md Selim, 28; Biplob, 19; Monoranjan Roy, 19; Shakkar Chandra Roy, 22; Dipu Chandra Roy, 19; Amit Chandra Roy, 20; Minal Chandra Roy, 21; Bikash Chandra Roy, 28; and Kanak Chandra Roy, 34.

Comilla Deputy Commissioner Md Abul Fazal Mir and Additional Superintendent of Police Abdullah Al Mamun have visited the scene of the accident.

The deputy commissioner and the brick field owner have donated Tk20,000 and Tk10,000, respectively, to each of the deceased victims’ families.

The additional superintendent of police said a four-member committee has been formed to investigate the accident.
 A case has been filed against a truck driver and his helper in connection with the death of 13 brick kiln workers who were killed when a coal-laden truck flipped on them in Chouddagram upazila here  on Friday.

Sanjib Roy, brother of victim Ranjit Chandra Roy, filed the case with Chouddagram police station on Friday night, said Abdullah Al Mahfuz, officer-in-charge of the police station.

The OC said that they are trying to arrest the driver and the helper.

Thirteen brick kiln workers were killed and four others injured when the coal-laden truck overturned on a labour shed at a brick field in Chouddagram Upazila’s Narayanpur early Friday.

The driver and the helper went into hiding after the incident. At least 13 workers were killed when a coal-laden truck flipped over on a makeshift shed at a brick kiln in Cumilla when the workers were still sleeping in early morning yesterday.

The incident happened as the driver lost control over the wheels, said Abdullah Al-Mamun, additional superintendent of police in Cumilla (south).

The trucker fled the scene after the incident, he added, but would not disclose his name or any other details.

All the victims are from two neighbouring villages under Jaldhaka upazila of Nilphamari district.

Nine of them were students at different schools. They went to Cumilla for part-time work at the brick field so they could support their families, family members said.


The accident, which also left two workers injured, happened inside K and Co Brick Field at Narayanpur in Chauddagram around 5:30am, said police and witnesses.

The kiln has been running on a rental basis, said its Manager Kamrul Islam.

Family members of the victims were in deep shock. Their heart-wrenching sobbing touched everyone who visited them in their homes, reports our correspondent there.

The truck, which came from Majhirhat in Chittagong, was overloaded, said Abdul Bari, inspector of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority in Cumilla.  It was in reverse gear and moving backward for parking and unloading the coal.

“The vehicle overturned when one side of the truck climbed onto a six-feet high pile of coal there,” the official added.

Eighteen workers were sleeping inside the shed at the time, said Hossain, one of the five survivors.

The truck fell on the shed with a huge bang, said Hossain, who is from Mirganj of Jaldhaka.

He was sleeping in a corner and managed to come out of the shed.

Police and firefighters reached the spot about 30 minute later, he added.

The shed was tin-roofed and built with five-inch brick walls. It was about 30 feet long, 10 feet wide and seven to eight feet high. Workers would sleep inside the shed spreading dried grain stalks on the concrete floor, brick kiln sources said.

The injured workers -- Bishnu and Ripon, both 18 years old -- took primary treatment at Cumilla Medical College Hospital.

Of the dead, nine were from Nijpara village. They are Ranjit Chandra Roy, 30, son of Suresh Chandra Roy; Torun Chandra Roy, 25, son of Manik Chandra Roy; Biplob, 19, son of Ram Prashad; Sankar Chandra Roy, 22, son of Kishor Chandra Roy; Dipu Chandra Roy, 19, son of Amal Chandra Roy; Amit Chandra Roy, 20, son of Kamakkha Chandra Roy; Morsalin, 18, son of Nur Alam; Md Masum, 18, son of Fazlul Karim; and Mohammed Selim, 28, son of Jahangir Alam.

The four other victims are from Shimulbari village under the same upazila.

They are Monronjon Roy, 19; Mrinal Chandra Roy, 21; Bikash Chandra Roy, 28; and Kanak Chandra Roy, 34. Additional Deputy Inspector General (Chattogram range) of Police Abul Fayez and Deputy Commissioner of Cumilla Abul Fazal Mir visited the spot in the afternoon.

The DC announced a compensation of Tk 20,000 for each family.

The district administration formed a four-member committee and asked it to submit a report within seven working days.

Separately, Cumilla police set up a three-member committee to probe the incident and report its findings in three working days, said Cumilla Superintendent of Police Nurul Islam. At least 13 brick-kiln workers were killed in their sleeps and two more were injured when a coal-laden truck overturned, crushing a labour shed at Narayanpur area under Chouddagram upazila in Cumilla on Friday.
The driver was driving the 10-ton truck illegally with medium driving licence, though it was mandatory to have a heavy driving licence to drive the truck that caused the fatal accident. 
The truck driver and his helper escaped from the scene immediately after the accident. 
The deceased are identified as Biplab, 19, son of Ramprashad, Dipu Chandra Roy, 19, son of Sunil Chandra Roy, Amrito Chandra Roy, 20, son of Kamikkha Roy, Shangkar Chandra Roy, 22, son of Krishab Chandra Roy, Md Selim, 28, son of Jahangir Alam and Ranjit Chandra Roy, son of Suresh Chandra Roy of Nijpara village, Masum, 18, son of Fazlul Karim and Morsalin, 18, son of Nur Alam of Pathanpara village, Monoranjan Chandra Roy, 19 and Mrinal Chandra Roy, 21 of Shimulbari village, Kanak Chandra Roy, 35, son of Dholu Chandra Roy, Bikash Chandra Roy, 28 and Ranjit, 45 of Rajbari village under Jaldhaka upazila in Nilphamari district. 
All of them belonged to low income group and came to Cumilla to earn breads for their families they left behind in their homes in Nilphamari.
Chouddagram Police Station officer-in-charge Abdullah Al Mahfuz said that around 6:30am, 15 workers were sleeping under a makeshift shed at Kazi and Co Brick Kiln at Narayanpur village under Gholpasha union in Chouddagram. 
Then a coal-laden truck came to the kiln to unload coals. 
The truck overturned as the driver lost control and crushed the makeshift sheds leaving 12 of the workers sleeping there spot dead. 
One more worker died on his way to the hospital and two others were taken to Cumilla Medical College Hospital. 
The truck owner claimed that the brick kiln manager had forced the driver, Md Sohel alias Sobuj, to unload the truck at a wrong point. As a result the accident occurred, he said, adding that during the accident the helper was having his meal at a nearby hotel. 
The truck owner also claimed that he was not privy to the trip to the brick kiln and also that the helper the driver hired was not familiar to him. 
However he admitted that the driver was driving with medium driving licence. 
Bangladesh Road Transport Authority director (operation) Sitangshu Shekhar Biswas said that it was mandatory to have heavy driving licence and huge experience to drive a 10-ton truck for carrying coals. 
The driver, who was absconding, could not be reached through his mobile, which remained switched off till 9:00pm. 
The brick kiln owner Kazi Abdur Razzak said that he was not present during the accident while his brother Shahjahan Siraj said that they were trying to get the licence of the driver to help police track him down. 
Superintendent of police in Cumilla Syed Nurul Islam told New Age that after recovering the bodies and having post-mortem examinations they had sent them to the victims’ respective homes in Nilphamari. 
The bodies were scheduled to reach their home on Saturday morning, he said. 
He said two investigation committees – one by the district administration and the other by the police administration — had been formed to probe the matter. 
‘After getting the report, we would be able to tell the identifications of the driver and the workers,’ he said and also added that their preliminary findings tell them that the victims were from very poor families. 
The committee formed by the district administration was asked to file report within seven days while the police probe committee was asked to submit report in three working days, the officials said.
Abdullah Al Mamun, additional superintendent of Cumilla police and deputy commissioner Abul Fazal Mir visited the spot.
The local administration has given Tk 20,000 to the families of each victim while the owner of the brick field provided them with Tk 10,000 each. A student of Jagannath University was killed and his elder brother injured as a pick-up hit a motorcycle in Sirajganj on Thursday night, reports UNB.

The deceased was ASM Julhas, 22, son of Tarajul Islam of Bindabonpara in Bogura and a third year student of Law department of the university.

Syed Shahid Alam, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge West police station, said the pick-up van hit the motorcycle around 8:00pm when they were going to their home from Dhaka, leaving Julhas dead on the spot in Jhaol Bridge of Kamarkhanda upazila.

The accident left his brother AKM Jakaria critically injure The accident occurred around 1 am on Monday, said Airport Police Station OC Noor-e-Azam.

 The dead have been identified as Md Mobarak Hossain, 27, and his brother-in-law Md Dalim. The two hailed from Narsingdi’s Raipura Upazila and had been on their way to the airport to say their farewells to a departing relative.
According to the OC, the truck veered out of control near the entrance of the airport and veered onto the footpath, killing Mobarak and Dalim on the spot.

Police arrested the driver and his assistant immediately after the accident. The accident occurred around  8:00 am on the Dhaka Mymensingh Highway near Trishal Signboard neighbourhood, said Trishal police station chief Azizul Haque.

The dead were identified as Alamin, 22 and Hafizul, 20 who hailed from Raimoni village in Trishal.

The accident occurred when a Mymensingh-bound bus from Dhaka crashed into another bus coming from the opposite side, said the OC.

The two died on the scene. The locals and the police rescued the injured and admitted them to the hospital. At least five people were killed in separate road crashes in Uttara and Khilkhet areas of Dhaka city and Sripur area of Rajbari town.

Two pedestrians were killed as a truck ran over them at an intersection in front of Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport in the city early Monday.

The deceased are Dalim, 20 and Mobarak, 30.

An iron rods-laden truck lost its control near the Dhaka airport intersection and hit the island nearby, severely injuring the two pedestrians, said assistant commissioner of Dhaka north traffic division, Zulfiqar Jewel.

In another incident in Khikhet area of the city, Bulbul Hossain, 22, son of Rajab Aliof Ishwarganj upazila in Mymensingh district, was killed and two others—Sagor, 22 and Kamrul, 22 -- were injured in a road crash on 300-feet road in Khilkhet area.

Md Shahjahan Kabir, assistant sub-inspector of Khilkhet police station, said a team of police rushed to the spot and found the three young men critically injured inside a damaged CNG-run auto-rickshaw.

Quoting the ASI, news agency UNB said the injured were later rushed to a hospital where physicians declared Bulbul dead, said the adding.

In Rajbari, two motorcyclists were killed as a truck rammed their motorcycle in Sripur area of the town on Sunday night, says another UNB report.

The deceased are Shanto, 25, son of Rajab Ali of Dhunchi village and Hridoy, 25, son of Md Siddik of Godar bazar area.

Police said that the accident took place around 10:30am when the truck hit the motorcycle, leaving the two motorcyclists dead on the spot.

Police seized the truck but the driver and helper managed to flee the scene. Two motorcyclists were killed as a truck rammed their motorcycle in Shripur area of the town on Sunday night.

The deceased was identified as Shanto, 25, son of Rajab Ali of Dhunchi village and and Hridoy, 25, son of Md Siddik of Godar Bazar area.

Police said that the accident took place around 10:30 am when the truck hit the motorcycle, leaving the two motorcyclists dead on the spot.

Police seized the truck but the driver and helper fled away. Two siblings were killed and their father was injured when a truck hit a motorbike at Rajendrapur Mollar Pool in South Keraniganj here on Monday.

The deceased are Afifa AkterAfrin, 13, a class VI student and her brother Afsar Ahmed, 10, a class IV student of Hasnabad Cosmopolitan School and College and children of Mohammad Dalim of the area.

Shah Zaman, officer-in-charge of South Keraniganj Police station, said the accident took place around 1 pm when  the truck rammed the motorbike carrying Dalim and his children while they were returning home from school, leaving the duo  dead on the spot and Dalim injured. The injured was taken to a local hospital.

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to Sir Salimullah Medical College and Hospital morgue for autopsy.

Police seized the truck but could not arrest its driver as he managed to flee the scene. A Chhatra League activist and his friend were killed as a truck rammed a motorcycle riding by them in Chandnaish upazila headquarters on Monday night.

The deceased were identified as the BCL activist Hamid Hasan Miskat, 22, son of late Mawlana Osman, resident of Purbakolaujan in Lohagara upazila and Md Riku of Patia upazila and also a student of Mohsin College.

The accident took place around 11 pm when the truck hit the motorcycle leaving Riku dead on the spot and Miskat critically injured, said Assistant Sub-inspector Alauddin of Chittagong Medical College Hospital outpost.

The injured was taken to the hospital where he succumbed to his injuries around 2:30 am on Tuesday. Two siblings were killed after a truck rear-ended the motorcycle they were in South Keraniganj on the Dhaka-Mawa highway, while at least eight others died in different accidents in three districts.

Most of the accidents resulted from recklessly-driven trucks. 


In the Keraniganj incident, the dead -- Fatima Afrin, 12, a sixth grader and Afsar Hossain, 10, a fourth grader -- were returning to their Purahati home in the area from school on a motorcycle driven by their father Kalim Hossain.

As they neared their home around 11:00am, a truck suddenly crashed into them from behind and dragged the two children for a few metres before fleeing the scene. They were killed on the spot.

Both were students at the Cosmopolitan Laboratory School and College. Their father, a rent-a-car businessman, was left injured. 
Witnesses said Hossain was riding his motorbike with his two children around 11:00am. Of the three, only he had a helmet on.

“When they reached near Priayangon Residential area, a recklessly driven goods-laden truck hit them from behind. The father fell off on the left side while the two children fell on the right. The truck dragged them a few metres ahead,” Alimuzzaman Rony, an engineer, told The Daily Star.

People on the spot tried to catch the truck but it sped up. It was finally found abandoned by a police team near Dhaleshwari toll plaza. The driver and the helper had both managed to escape.

The bodies were immediately taken to Sir Salimullah Medical College Morgue from where they were later sent home for burial.

As the news spread, hundreds of students of the school took to the street around 12:30pm protesting the deaths. The Dhaka-Mawa highway was blocked for 40 minutes before they called off the blockade on assurance of getting justice.

The protesters also demanded that trucks stop plying the road during school time.

Mohammad Sentu, an uncle of the deceased, said his nephew and niece were bright students. “Fatima passed PSC exam securing GPA 5 recently and her parents wanted her to be an engineer.” ACCIDENTS ABOUND
In another tragic incident, an iron rod-laden truck veered off the road onto a footpath on Airport Road in the capital killing a youth and his brother-in-law in the early hours of yesterday.

Dalim, 18, along with his newly-married brother-in-law Mobarak, 30, came to the capital on Sunday from Narsingdi to see off his elder brother Rubel, who had a flight scheduled to leave for Saudi Arabia yesterday afternoon.

They boarded at a hotel near the Airport area. At night, Dalim and Mobarak came out of the hotel to see the airport. As they were walking near the Airport entrance, suddenly a recklessly-driven truck ran them over and rammed them into the police box.

“Now what I will say to my sister? How will I board the plane?” an emotional Rubel told reporters after the incident.

Standing in front of the Dhaka Medical College Morgue yesterday afternoon, Ataur Mia, Dalim's father talked to Rubel over the phone while he waited for his youngest son's body.

“She had married Mobarak just 16 days ago,” Ataur, a farm labourer, said about her daughter's misfortune.

Airport Armed Police Battalion's Additional Police Superintendent Md Alamgir Hossain said the truck first rammed a microbus near the airport crossing and then ran over the two men while trying to flee.

Police seized the truck and arrested its driver and helper.

Besides, six others were killed in four separate roads accidents in the city's Khilkhet, in Shyampur, Mymensingh and Rajbari on Sunday and yesterday.

In Shyampur, one Abbas Ali, 55, was killed as he was run over by the truck he was on at Jurain Railgate yesterday. Abbas, a truck helper, was hanging from the gate of the truck, when the driver suddenly braked after hitting an auto-rickshaw. The sudden jerk made Abbas lose his balance and he fell on the road, police said quoting the driver. 

In Khilkhet, a youth was killed and two others injured in a road crash on the 300-feet road in Dhaka's Khilkhet area early yesterday.

Mostafizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Khilkhet, said the three young men were found critically injured inside a damaged a CNG-run auto-rickshaw around 4:00am. But it could not be known how the accident occurred.

Meanwhile in Rajbari, a motorcycle rider and his pillion rider were killed when a truck hit the motorbike at Bus Terminal area on Rajbari-Faridpur regional road on Sunday night.

Elsewhere in Mymensingh, truck-driver Mohammad Al Amin, 22, and his helper Hafizur Rahman, 20, were killed when their truck collided with a Bhaluka bound bus in Signboard area on Dhaka-Mymensingh highway in Trishal upazila, police said.

Fifteen others were injured in different accidents. Of the injured, 11 were taken to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital, said OC of Trishal Police Station Azizur Rahman.

Such fatal accidents have been taking place at a time when the fortnight-long traffic discipline campaign has been on-going in the city. The campaign comes following the countrywide student movement for road safety in August last year after the death of two students.

According to passengers' welfare body Bangladesh Jatri Kalyan Samity, at least 7,221 people were killed and 15,466 others injured in 5,514 road crashes across the country last year.

It found that almost 20 people got killed on an average every day last year, mostly because of reckless-driving, risky-overtaking, faulty roads, unfit vehicles, unskilled drivers and a general lack of awareness among road users. At least ten people were killed in road accidents across the country yesterday, including five in the capital, as no let-up is seen in road crashes despite various measures and assurances from the authorities concerned. Rash driving and competition, often encouraged by long tailbacks, lack of training in road safety, unfit vehicles, inadequate traffic management and loopholes in the existing laws all contribute to the ongoing road safety crisis that results in thousands of deaths every year.


In the first 28 days of this year, at least 220 people died in road crashes across Bangladesh, according to media reports.


A passengers' welfare body, in its report published on Friday, said at least 7,221 people were killed and 15,466 others injured in 5,514 road crashes across the country in 2018. On an average, about 20 people got killed every day in road accidents last year.
Amid growing road fatalities, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, on June 25 last year, gave a number of directives to the authorities concerned at a cabinet meeting to take necessary steps to reduce road accidents. The directives included making arrangements to provide training to drivers and their assistants, having alternative drivers in case of long-distance drive, setting up roadside restrooms for long-route drivers and stopping jaywalking by pedestrians. So far, very little has been done to implement these directives.

Students took to the streets in July last year demanding safer roads, which was triggered by the death of two students in road crashes in Dhaka as two buses competed for passengers. In the wake of the protests, the government introduced harsher punishment for road accidents including capital punishment for intentional killing and a maximum 5-year prison sentence for accidental killing with a motor vehicle. However, these changes appear to have little effect on reducing road accidents.

In South Keraniganj of Dhaka, two siblings were killed in a road accident yesterday. The

tragic incident happened when a truck recklessly struck the bike they were riding, driven by their father Shamsuddin Dalim at around 12 pm.

Afsar Hossain, 8, a student of grade-3 of Cosmopolitan Laboratory School and College and his sister Fatima Afrin, 10, a grade-5 student of the same school immediately fall on the road and the truck rode over them, killing them on the spot. Their father Shamsuddin Dalim was seriously injured.

Hearing the news of their death, students of the school blocked Dhaka-Mawa highway around noon for 40 minutes.

Md Shahjaman, officer-in-charge of South Keraniganj Police Station, said the students removed blockade from the road after police assured them of arresting the truck driver.

“Their father Shamsuddin Dalim was returning home with them after their school ended,” said South Keraniganj police Sub Inspector Mansur Ahmed.

“A truck from the opposite end ran them over, leaving the siblings dead on the spot,” he added

Later, the law enforcers recovered the truck from Abdullahpur-Dhaleshwari Bridge in an abandoned condition, the OC said.

Locals said the family lives in Rajendrapur area of South Keraniganj that they were returning from a sports competition festival in the school. As they arrived at Mollarpur turn, a speedy truck hit the motorbike.

Meanwhile two persons were killed in a road accident on the airport road of the capital early yesterday. The deceased were identified as Dalim and his brother-in-law Mobarak. They died when a truck hit them from behind. Dalim and Mobarak went to the airport to see-off Dalim’s elder brother Rubel who was travelling to Saudi Arabia. Mobarak, brother-in-law of Dalim and Rubel, got married into the family just 18 days ago.

Sridhan Chandra Roy, Sub Inspector of Airport police station said that the driver of a truck moving towards Tongi loaded with iron rods suddenly lost control and ran them over. The driver and his assistant were arrested over the incident.  

Besides, a youth was killed and two others injured in a road crash on 300-feet road in Dhaka’s Khilkhet area. The deceased was identified as Bulbul Hossain, 22, hailing from Mymensingh. The injured were Sagor, 22, and Kamrul, 22.

Md Shahjahan Kabir, assistant sub-inspector of Khilkhet Police Station, said a police team went to the spot after being informed and found the three young men critically injured inside a damaged CNG-run auto-rickshaw. The injured were rushed to a hospital where doctors declared Bulbul dead, said the ASI adding that it could not be known yet how the accident occurred.

In Sylhet, a teenage girl was killed as a truck ran over her after she fell from a motorbike on the Sylhet-Tamabil road at Sarighat in Jointapur upazila yesterday.

The deceased was identified as Shipa Akter, 18, daughter of Siddik Ali of Choitagul Agfoud village in the upazila. Police said Shipa along with her would-be husband was going to her house around 4 pm by a motorbike. At one stage, a truck ran over Shipa when she fell down from the vehicles as her scarf got entangled with the wheel of the motorbike, leaving her dead on the spot.

Angered by the incident, local people seized the truck and put up a barricade on the Sylhet-Tamabil road, halting traffic movement.

In Mymensingh, a truck driver and his assistant were killed and 15 others injured in a road accident at Signboard area on Dhaka-Mymensingh Highway in Trishal upazila of Mymensingh yesterday morning.

The victims were identified as Mohammad Al Amin, 22, and helper Hafizur Rahman, 20, hailing from village Roymoni in Trishal.

The accident took place when a truck collided with a Bhaluka bound bus at Signboard around 8.00am, injuring 17 persons on both the vehicles, said Md Azizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Trishal Police Station.

Local people rushed to the spot and took them to Trishal Upazila Health Complex where AL Amin and Hafizur succumbed to injuries, said the OC.

Of the injured, 11 were shifted to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital (MMCH). The others were given first aid, the OC added. Police recovered the bodies and sent them to MMCH morgue for autopsy.

In Rajbari, two motorcyclists were killed as a truck rammed their motorcycle in Shripur area of the town early yesterday.

The deceased were identified as Shanto, 25, son of Rajab Ali of Dhunchi village and and Hridoy, 25, son of Md Siddik of Godar Bazar area.

Police said that the accident took place around 10:30 am when the truck hit the motorcycle, leaving the two motorcyclists dead on the spot.

Police seized the truck but the driver and helper fled away.

In Madaripur, a pedestrian was killed while a bamboo loaded truck turned over and crushed him.

The deceased was identified as Milon Howlader, 45. Officer in Charge Shibchar Police Station confirmed the incident. The driver of the truck is absconding, said police.
 

The accidents took places in Savar, Comilla, Chittagong, Kushtia and Thakurgaon

 
At least eleven people were killed in separate accidents on roads across the country on Tuesday and the night before.

The accidents took places in Savar, Comilla, Chittagong, Kushtia and Thakurgaon. 

Savar 

At least four people were killed when a truck plunged into the road side ditch in Ashulia Boro Bridge area near Bypail-Abdullahpur Highway early on Tuesday morning.

The deceased were identified as truck driver Mujahid Mia, 20, Md Arif, 18, Md Shahin, 32, and security guard Abdul Kader, 45.

The accident took as the truck plunged into a 40-feet deep ditch in the area around 5:30am, confirmed Uttara Fire Service Senior Station Officer Shafiqul Islam said.

""There was a delay in the rescue mission as the truck was completely submerged in water. However, we were able to rescue the bodies on time,"" he said.

According to the police the brick-laden truck fell into the ditch when its driver lost control over the steering, leaving four people including the driver and helper missing.

Chittagong 

A Chhatra League activist and his friend were killed as a truck rammed a motorcycle riding by them in Chandnaish upazila headquarters of Chittagong on Monday night, reports UNB.

The deceased were identified as Chhatra League Hamid Hasan Miskat, 22, son of late Mawlana Osman, resident of Purbakolaujan in Lohagara upazila and Md Riku of Patia upazila and also a student of Mohsin College.

 The accident took place around 11pm when the truck hit the motorcycle leaving Riku dead on the spot and Miskat critically injured, said Assistant Sub-inspector Alauddin of Chittagong Medical College Hospital outpost.

The injured was taken to the hospital where he succumbed to his injuries around 2:30am on Tuesday.

Comilla 

A motorcyclist was killed when a three-wheeler hit his bike in Akherchar area on the Comilla-Chittagong Highway in the district on Tuesday morning.

The deceased was identified as Md Mozammel Haque ,27, of Bancharampur upazila in Brahmanbaria, confirmed Comilla- Mainamati Highway police station Sergeant Sanowar Hossain.

Kushtia 

Two motorcyclists were killed in front of Allahrdaegha Hall Mazar on the Kushtia- Daulatpur Highway in Mirpur upazila on Tuesday evening.

The deceased were identified as Sajedur Rahman, 20, son of Ismail Hossain of Bardia area in the upazila and Muntasir, 25, son of Moshiur Rahman of Naodapara in Bheramara upazila.

Daulatpur police station Officer-in-Charge Nazrul Islam said the accident took place when a sand laden truck hit the motorcycle coming from opposition direction leaving the duo killed on the spot.

Thakurgaon

At least two people were killed in separate road accidents in the Thakurgaon district on Tuesday.

The deceased were identified as Anwar Hossain, son of  Dobirul Islam of Baksherhat village in the Sadar upazila and Rahim, of the Dashia village in the Ranisankail  upazila.

According to police sources, a sand laden makeshift truck hit a three wheeler coming from the opposition direction in the Old Thakurgaon Nimtoli area leaving three injured.

Of the injured, Anwar  died while he was being taken to the Sadar Hospital.

On the other hand, Rahim, the helper of a makeshift truck, died when the vehicle plunged into the roadside ditch at the  Ranisankail Pilot School intersection.

Ranisankail police station Officer-in-Charge Abdul Mannan confirmed the incident.

Our correspondents Nadim Hossain in Savar, Masud Alam in Comilla, Kudrat-e-Khoda Sabuj in Kushtia and Zakir Mostafiz Milu in Thakurgaon contributed to this report
 Seven people, including three construction workers, were killed in road accidents in Savar, Chattogram and Narail between Monday night and Tuesday. 
Three brick kilns workers and a truck driver were killed as a truck plunged into a roadside ditch in Ashulia Boro Bridge area near the Baipail-Abdullahpur Highway early Tuesday, reported United News of Bangladesh.
The deceased were identified as workers Arif Miah, Shahin, truck driver Mujahud and brick field guard Abdul Kader, 50.
The brick-laden truck plunged into a 40-feet deep ditch as its driver lost control over the wheel at about 5:30am, leaving four people, including the driver, missing, said officer-in-charge of Ashulia police station Rezaul Haque Dipu.
Later, divers from the fire service and civil defence station in Uttara recovered the bodies of the missing victims.
A man managed to swim ashore who was later admitted to a local hospital.
In Chattogram, a Chhatra League activist and his friend were killed as their motorcycle was hit by a truck in Chandnaish upazila on Monday night, reported our district correspondent.
The deceased were identified as Hamid Hasan Miskat, 22, an activist of Bangladesh Chhatra League, ruling Awami League-backed student organisation, and resident of Purbakolaujan of Lohagara upazila, and Md Saiful Islam Roki, 22, resident of Patia upazila and a student of Mohsin College.
Chittagong Medical College and Hospital police outpost assistant sub-inspector Alauddin Talukder said that the accident took place when the truck hit the motorcycle at about 11:00pm on Monday, leaving Riku dead on the spot and Miskat critically injured. 
Mishkat was taken to the hospital where he died from his injuries at about 2:30am on Tuesday.
In Narail, the driver of a three-wheeler was killed and two others were injured after the vehicle collided head-on with a battery-run easy bike in Kalia upazila, reported Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha.
The deceased was identified as driver Israfil Sarder, 30, resident of village Mulsree under Naragati police station of the district.
Local people said that the accident took place in Mulsree area on the Kalia-Gopalganj Road at about 12:00pm, leaving Israfil dead on the spot.
Officer-in-charge of Naragati police station Md Alomgir Kabir said that a case was filed in this connection. At least 4,439 people were killed and 7,425 injured in 3,103 road accidents across Bangladesh in 2018, according to a report of Nirapad Sharak Chai (Nischa) released yesterday.

Nischa, an organisation founded by film star Ilias Kanchan to raise awareness against road accidents, presented its annual report at a press conference held at the Dhaka Reporters Unity (DRU).

Nischa prepared its report based on news published in national newspapers. According to the report, Dhaka district saw its highest number of road accidents, 339, in 2018. The resulting death toll stood at 346 people.
The reprot says the number of road accidents, especially in the capital, increased due to a rise in the number of motorcycles plying the streets.

Motorcyclists constitute about 27 per cent of the road accident casualties.

Ilias Kanchan, chairman of Nischa, said a growing number of unskilled drivers of CNG auto-rickshaws, easy bikes and other three-wheelers also contributed to the increasing number of crashes. He urged the authorities to have stricter regulations for those vehicles.

Regarding the Road Transport Act 2018, Kanchan said had the authorities implemented the rules properly, there would have been greater discipline  on the roads. “We hope that the government will update the law over time to fit the needs of the country and the people,” he added.

Kanchan alleged that the government was reluctant to take initiatives to reduce road accidents, though road fatalities were rising at an alarming rate in the country. “Many countries are successfully reducing road fatalities by enforcing road safety measures, but our government is lukewarm about that,” he said.

Citing a UN report, Kanchan said a 5 per cent cut in the vehicle speed can help reduce road crashes by 30 per cent. Developed countries like the US, Switzerland and Australia have been able to reduce road traffic deaths to a tolerable level, he added.

The speakers at the meeting recommended that steps should be taken to include road safety issues to the school curriculum, political commitments should be made by politicians in their election manifestos to prevent road accidents, law enforcement agencies should take strict measures against law-breakers, and a government driving and mechanical institute should be set up in every district for youths to become skilled drivers.

They also suggested that standard road dividers be set up on highways, the word security be included in the Road Transport Act, regular road safety audits and campaigns be conducted, footpaths be freed from illegal occupation, and overpasses and underpasses be constructed on national and regional highways for pedestrians.
 Illiterate drivers, faulty vehicles, weak traffic management system, carelessness of commuters, lack of political will and poor enforcement of laws continue to take a heavy toll on people, a road safety organisation said yesterday.

Besides, the culprits for road accidents rarely face trial, and the impunity they enjoy is a major reason behind the continuation of road accidents, it added.  At least 4,439 people were killed and 7,425 others injured in 3,103 incidents of road crash last year, according to the Nirapad Sarak Chai.

Trucks and covered vans were mainly responsible for those accidents, the organisation said, as the country witnessed several tragic deaths in Dhaka, Cumilla and Rajbari over the last four days, all in crashes involving trucks.

The number of road accidents decreased last year compared to 2017, but it was still not at the “expected level”, Ilias Kanchan, chairman of the organisation, said as he unveiled a report on road accidents in 2018 at Dhaka Reporters Unity in the capital. However, the figure presented by the Nirapad Sarak Chai is significantly lower than that of Bangladesh Jatri Kalyan Samity. The Samity on Friday said at least 7,221 people were killed and 15,466 others injured in 5,514 road crashes last year.

The official number of causalities is much lower than that was mentioned in these reports. According to the police report, 2,265 were killed and 1,659 others injured in 2,237 crashes in the first 10 months of last year.

FINDINGS
Ilias Kanchan said at least 3,699 people were killed and 7,425 injured in 3,103 road accidents. Besides, following international instances, they counted 20 percent of the injuries as death and put the total number at 4,439.

He said they have prepared the report by monitoring six national dailies, online news portals and TV channels and analysing data collected by branches of the organisation. He, however, said many accidents go unreported.

Ilias said at least 5,645 people were killed while 7,908 were injured in 3349 accidents in 2017, down from the previous year. Different initiatives taken by his organisation to raise awareness, training given to drivers, teachers and students, and student agitation for safe road are the reasons behind the decrease, he said.

“Had the government alongside Nirapad Sarak Chai taken up same programmes, the number of road crashes could have been reduced further.”

Tens of thousands of students took to the streets for safe road following the killing of two college students in a road accident in the capital on July 29 last year, prompting the authorities to take some swift actions.

The actor-turned-road-safety-campaigner mentioned that small vehicles like van, rickshaw, nosimons and auto-rickshaws are mainly responsible for most of the accidents that took place on highways.

The local administration and highway police are not playing due role to stop operation of such vehicles, he said, adding, “It appears that local political personalities are behind the operation of such illegal vehicles.”

Slow-moving three-wheelers are banned on 22 national highways.

The organisation came up with 10 recommendations including carrying out massive awareness programmes in the media, incorporating road accident issues in text books, strict enforcement of law and proper training for drivers. 

If the government implements its electoral manifesto regarding this issue sincerely, it is possible to cut road accident by 50 percent by 2020, one of the sustainable development goals, it said. 

Ilias urged the prime minister to launch a war against road accident to save people from the “epidemic” immediately.

TRUCKS, COVERED VANS THE KILLERS
Ilias said trucks and covered vans were involved in 35 percent accidents last year.

Four people died as a brick-laden truck fell into a water-filled ditch in Ashulia yesterday while nine people including two minor siblings of Dakkhin Keraniganj were killed in an accident involving trucks on Monday. Besides, 13 workers were killed when a coal-laden truck flipped over on a makeshift shed at a brick kiln in Cumilla Friday.

Ilias pointed out that 793 trucks and 119 covered vans were involved in road accidents last year.

Buses were involved in 33 percent, motorcycles in 22 percent, microbuses in three and others in seven percent accidents.

January, June and August witnessed the highest number of accidents.  Dhaka, followed by Chattogram and Gazipur, tops the list while Chapainawabganj saw the lowest number of crashes after Rangamati and Khagrachhari.

Ilias mentioned that 566 drivers were killed last year. Of them, 160 were bikers, 68 bus drivers and 59 truckers.

DIFFERENCES IN CAUSALITY NUMBER
Ilias said it is not possible to determine the real number of road accidents.

The National Road Safety Council had directed police, hospitals and deputy commissioners to give accident data to the authorities concerned. But none of them provided the information and that's why there is no official statistics, he said. 

As preparing an accident report is laborious and costly job, they have requested the government to set up a cell in the ministry to collect road accident data and prepare a report or help their organisation to prepare it, the campaigner added.

“But we did not get the expected response even after giving reminders.”

Asked about the huge difference in the figure of road accidents provided by Jatri Kalyan Samity and his organisation, Ilias said he is unaware about how Jatri Kalyan Samity prepared its report.

He added that the Nirapad Sarak Chai has been preparing reports through its own methods since 2012. 

Speaking at the programme, Prof Mahbub Alam Talukder of Accident Research Institute of Buet said there should be exact data on road accidents to understand the problem properly and also to make plans to prevent it.

Prof Mahbub, who was involved in preparing the report, recommended setting up a dedicated cell or division for developing an accident database and to do research for reducing accidents.

NO JUSTICE FOR ROAD ACCIDENT VICTIMS
Replying to a question, Ilias said, “Trial regarding road accidents is not taking place as our government is scared of associations and the workers and leaders of the transport sector.

“That's why none of the successive governments took action.”

He observed that people of the country also lack patience.  “Whenever they [transport owners and workers] stop operation of vehicles, leading to price hike of essentials, people become anxious and the government thinks it is going to lose power.”

Talking to this newspaper later, he also said, “It is rare that victims of road accidents get justice. Accidents continue as the culprits behind road accidents rarely punished.”

Terming road accidents “epidemic”, Ayubur Rahman Khan, former chairman of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority, said it cannot be stopped without the government being sincere.  
 Three members of a family have been killed, and two others injured, in a road accident in Alalpur area under sadar upazila of Mymensingh district.

The accident occurred early on Thursday, reports UNB.

The deceased are Abdul Hamid, 65, his wife Shahara Begum, 55 and their son Shafiqul Islam, 30.

Kotwali model police station Officer-in-Charge Mahmudul Islam said a Mymensingh Medical College and Hospital-bound ambulance crashed into a roadside tree and overturned, leaving two people dead on the spot around 3am.

Later, one of the injured was declared dead when taken to Mymensingh Medical College and Hospital."
