"","x"
"1","A man was killed and two others were injured as a CNG-auto-rickshaw collided head-on with another auto rickshaw in Nandonpur area of Brahmanbaria on Friday. The deceased was identified as Salauddin, 35, a security guard of Rupali Bank, Shawrok Bazar branch. Highway police said the accident took place this noon on the Cumilla-Sylhet Highway. Salauddin died on the spot. The injured were taken to Brahmanbaria Sadar Hospita A woman and a minor boy were killed in separate road accidents in Kanaighat upazila on Friday.

The deceased were identified as Rumel Ahmed, 7, son of Nurul Alam of Satpari village of the upazila and Safai Begum, 45, wife of late Abdul Wahid, of Durlavpur village in Kanaighat Municipality.

Witnesses said a human hauler hit Rumel around 4 pm while he was crossing Sylhet-Jakiganj road in front of his house, leaving him dead on the spot.

In another accident, widow Safai Begum was severely injured after being hit by a CNG-run auto-rickshaw at Maligram bus stand in the municipality area around 12pm.

The injured was rushed to Sylhet Osmani Medical College Hospital where she succumbed to her injuries. The incident took place on the Thakurgaon-Dinajpur highway in 29 Mile area at 9am on Saturday. Two motorcyclists have been killed when a truck hit their vehicle and ran them over in Thakurgaon sadar upazila.The incident took place on the Thakurgaon-Dinajpur highway in the area known as 29 Mile at 9am on Saturday. The deceased were identified as Poresh, 40, hailing from Salandar village in the sadar upazila and Xion, 48, son of Jahurul from the Islambag area of Thakurgaon town. According to local sources, the accident took place when the duo was heading to Dinajpur from Thakurgaon on a motorbike. Meanwhile, two trucks were competing on the highway to overtake one another, and one of the trucks hit the motorbike from the rear side, leaving Poresh dead on the spot. Xion was taken to Thakurgaon Sadar Hospital, where the on-duty physician declared him dead on arrival. Confirming the matter, Thakurgaon Sadar Police Station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Ashiqur Rahman said police are looking for both the trucks and their drivers, who managed to flee the scene quickly after the incident.         Two motorcyclists have been killed after a truck hit them and another truck ran them over at Thakurgaon.
The incident was reported from Panchagarh-Dinajpur highway at the Untrish Mile area in Thakurgaon around 9am on Saturday (Feb 2), said police.
The deceased have been identified as 40-year-old Paresh and 48-year-old Jion.
Quoting witnesses, Sadar Police OC Ashiqur Rahman said that two trucks were competing on the highway to overtake one another when one of the trucks hit the motorbike and the other truck ran the riders over killing Paresh on the spot.
“Jion was rushed to Thakurgaon Sadar Hospital where the doctor pronounced him dead,” he added.
OC Rahman said that they are trying to apprehend the truck drivers, who managed to flee the scene. Two college students were killed and another was severely injured after their motorcycle collided head-on with a speeding bus in Potiaghata upazila on Saturday afternoon.

The deceased were identified as Shohag Sheikh, 20, son of Siddik Sheikh; and Shakil Sheikh, 20, son of Zahid Sheikh. The injured was Mojahid Sheikh, 22, son of Shaokat Sheikh. All of them hailed from Kalatia village of the upazila.

The motorcycle driver and the two pillion riders were severely injured after a Rampal-bound bus hit the motorcycle on Khulna-Bagerhat road at Ramvadropur village around 1pm, Patiaghata Police Station in-charge Rabiul Kabir said, quoting witnesses.

Locals took the injured to Khulna Medical College Hospital (KMCH) where Shohag and Shakil succumbed to their injuries around 4:30pm, said KMCH duty officer Imtiaz.

Mojahid has been referred to Dhaka Medical College Hospital as his condition deteriorated. Nusrat, an English Department student of Chittagong University, was critically injured in a road accident in Bhatiary area of Sitakunda on Jan 21 while on her way to campus to attend an exam.

She received severe injuries to her head in the accident.

Nusrat died around 10am on Saturday while she was undergoing treatment at Chattogram Medical College Hospital, Sukanta Bhattacharjee, associate professor of the English Department, told bdnews24.com.

“After a surgery on her head, Nusrat was put in an intensive care unit of a private hospital. Two days before the surgery she was shifted to CMCH.”

“Her early demise shocked us. Her family and the faculty had tried their best, but we were not able to provide her proper treatment,” Prof Sukanta said citing financial difficulties. Bangladeshi actress Shanarei Devi Shanu survived a road accident in Savar on her way to a shooting spot in Manikganj on Saturday (Feb 2). She sustained injuries to leg, shoulder, and chest as a truck hit the microbus carrying her in Aminbazar area in the morning.

Shanu made a social media post narrating how she narrowly escaped the horrific crash that left the microbus, and a private car heavily battered.

“Nothing big happened as the vehicle was vacant. But I felt shocked,” she wrote.

The actress was sleeping when the truck hit the microbus from behind. Police seized the truck and detained its driver on the spot.

However, Lux Channel i Superstar Shanu later reached the shooting spot of a TV play in Manikganj by another vehicle.

The actress has published her novel ‘Ekla Akash’ and children’s story compilation ‘Shanarei O Tar Jaadur Leitreng’ in this year’s Amar Ekushey Granthomela (Book Fair) that kicked off Friday (Feb 1). The accident occurred Saturday night. A truck driver and his helper have been killed when the vehicle collided head-on with a covered van in Gazipur. The deceased have been identified as Jewel Sarder, 25, and Sabbir Ahmed Shohan, 26. The accident occurred near Naotana area in Kaliganj upazila on Saturday night, confirmed Sub-Inspector (SI) of Naojor highway police outpost. The SI said: ""A Gazipur-bound truck collided head on with a covered van coming from the opposite direction, killing the driver Jewel on the spot."" Shohan, the helper, was taken to Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College and Hospital in Dhaka with critical injuries, when the on-duty doctors declared him dead. The driver of the covered van fled the scene, leaving behind his vehicle. The incident occurred on Saturday evening

 
A motorcyclist has died after a private car collided head-on with his vehicle in Rangamati.

The deceased has been identified as Abdul Monaf, 29, hailing from the Shimultoli area of Rangamati town. The accident occurred on KK Roy Road around 10pm on Saturday, confirmed Assistant Sub-Inspector (ASI) of Rangamati Kotwali police station Ganesh Tanchanghya.

According to local sources, a private car collided head-on with a motorcycle coming from the opposite direction on KK Roy Road, leaving Monaf critically injured.

Locals rescued Monaf and admitted him to Rangamati Sadar Hospital, where the on-duty doctors declared him dead, confirmed Deputy Civil Surgeon Dr Nihar Ranjan Nandi.

Both of the vehicles have been seized by the police, the ASI said. Four people have been killed while 11 others sustained injuries

 
Four people have been killed and at least 11 others have been injured when a bus and microbus collided in Patiya upazila in Chittagong.

The accident took place on the Chittagong-Cox's Bazar highway in the Bhaiyer Digirpar area around 8:15am Sunday morning.

The identities of the deceased could not be immediately confirmed. However, all of them were reported as males. 

The deceased were passengers of the microbus that was heading towards Chittagong.

Confirming the matter, Patiya Highway Police Outpost In-Charge Mizanur Rahman told the Dhaka Tribune that the incident occurred when the bus of Saudia Paribahan – moving on the wrong side of the road – collided head-on with the microbus, killing three passengers of the latter including its driver.   

""Three people were killed on the spot while ten others sustained injuries. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital,"" he added. A college student was killed when a human hauler hit a motorbike at Phultala Bazar in Dohar upazila on Sunday.

The deceased was identified as Shaon Ahmed, 19, a 1st year student of Padma College and son of Mainuddin of the area.

Quoting local people, police said the accident took place around 11 am when a soil-laden human hauler rammed the motorbike carrying Shaon, leaving him dead on the spot, said Sazzad Hossain, officer-in-charge of Dohar Police Station.

Angered by the incident, the students of the college staged demonstrations in the area and put up barricade on Phultala Bazar road, halting traffic movement for half an hour. A truck driver and his helper were killed as the vehicle collided head-on with a covered van on Dhaka-Tangail Highway at Naotana area in Kaliganj upazila on Saturday night.

The identities of the deceased could not be known yet.

Officer-in-charge of Naojar Highway Police outpost Ohiduzzaman said the accident took place when a Tangail-bound covered van knocked the truck around 10pm, leaving its driver dead on the spot.

The helper also sustained severe injuries during the collision.

The injured helper was rushed to Shahid Taz Uddin Ahmed Medical College Hospital where duty doctor decelerate him dead. At least four people were killed and sixteen others injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a microbus on Chattogram-Potia road at Bhaer Dighi village in Potia upazila on Sunday.

The victims have yet to be identified. 

In-charge of Potia Police station Mohammad Mizan said that the accident took place around 8:45 am.

The injured were taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital, he said.

The number of death may go up as some of them sustained severe injuries, he added. A head-on collision between a truck and a covered van left two people killed in Gazipur.

The incident was reported from Ulukhola Naotana area in the district’s Kaliganj Upazila around 10.30pm on Saturday (Feb 2), said police.

The deceased have been identified as 25-year-old Juwel Sardar and 26-year-old Sabbir Ahmed Shohan.

“A truck collided head-on with a covered van at the area around 10.30pm on Saturday leaves the truck driver, Juwel, dead on the spot,” said Naojor police Sub-Inspector Kamrul Islam.

“In a critical condition, Shohan was rushed to a nearby hospital where the doctor declared him dead,” added Islam.

“The driver of the covered van managed to flee from the spot after the incident,” he added. The accidents took place in Chittagong, Gazipur, Rangamati, Khagrachhari, Tangail, Madaripur and Comilla

 
At least 15 people were killed in separate road accidents across the country on Sunday and Saturday night.

In Chittagong, four passengers of a microbus were killed and 11 others injured as a bus rammed the vehicle in Patiya upazila of Chittagong on Sunday.

One of the deceased was identified as microbus driver Md Sakib, a resident of Natun Para in Satkania.

The others killed in the accident could not be identified, but all of them were microbus passengers, the police said.

Inspector ABM Mizanur Rahman, in-charge of Patiya Highway police outpost, said a Cox’s Bazar-bound bus from Chittagong hit the oncoming microbus on the Chittagong-Cox’s Bazar Highway at Bhaiyer Dighi around 8:30am.

Both vehicles skidded off the road and fell in a roadside paddy field, leaving  three passengers dead on the spot and 13 others injured, said the police official.

Of the injured, Sakib died on the way to Chittagong Medical College Hospital (CMCH), while the rest were admitted to the hospital, said Assistant Sub-inspector Alauddin Talukdar of CMCH police outpost.

In Gazipur, a truck driver and his helper were killed when the vehicle collided head-on with a covered van in Gazipur on Saturday night.

The deceased were identified as Jewel Sarder, 25, and Sabbir Ahmed Shohan, 26.

The accident occurred near Naotana area in Kaliganj upazila, confirmed Sub-Inspector (SI) of Naojor highway police outpost.

The SI said: ""A Gazipur-bound truck collided head-on with a covered van coming from the opposite direction, killing the driver Jewel on the spot.""

Shohan, the helper, was taken to Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College and Hospital with critical injuries, when the on-duty doctors declared him dead.

In Rangamati, a motorcyclist was killed after a private car collided head-on with his vehicle in Rangamati on Saturday night.

The deceased was identified as Abdul Monaf, 29, hailing from the Shimultoli area of Rangamati town.

The accident occurred on KK Roy road around 10pm, confirmed Assistant Sub-Inspector of Rangamati Kotwali police station, Ganesh Tanchanghya.

In Khagrachhari, a college student was killed when a human hauler hit a motorbike at Phultala Bazar in Dohar upazila on Sunday.

The deceased was identified as Shaon Ahmed, 19, a 1st year student of Padma College, and son of Mainuddin of the area, reports UNB.

Quoting local people, police said the accident took place around 11 am when a soil-laden human hauler rammed the motorbike carrying Shaon, leaving him dead on the spot, said Sazzad Hossain, officer-in-charge of Dohar police station.

Angered by the incident, students of the college staged demonstrations in the area and put up a barricade on Phultala Bazar road, halting traffic movement for half an hour.

In Tangail, four people were killed in separate road accidents in Basail and and Mirzapur upazilas of the district on Sunday.

The deceased were identified as Bachaton, 70, wife of Hasan Ali of Beltuli  area, her daughter Jahanara, 52, Hazrat Ali, 75,  son of Osman Ali, and Ridoy Mian, 14,  son of Sultan Uddin of Mirzapur upazila.

According to police sources, Hazrat Ali died when a motorcycle hit him in the Hossen Market area of Mirzapur in the afternoon.

Ridoy died when a three-wheeler hit him in the Bashtoil area.

Bachaton and Jahanara were killed when a sand laden truck hit them on the Dhaka-Tangail Highway around 11am while they were crossing the road.

Gorai highway police station Sub-Inspector Tarequzzaman confirmed the incident.

In Madaripur, a man was killed on the Mostofapur-Madadripur road around 11am on Sunday when a pick-up van hit him.

The deceased was identified as  Gurudeb Sarkar ,45, confirmed Kamrul Hasan, officer-in-charge of Madaripur Sadar police station.

In Comilla, two people were killed on the Comilla-Noakhali Highway in the district on Sunday morning.

The deceased were identified as Riad Hossain, 18, of Vaupur village of Monohorganj upazila, and Sirajul Islam, 65.

The accident took place when a three-wheeler rammed into a covered van in the area, said Comilla -Lalmai Highway police outpost in-charge, Shakhawat Hossain.
 A college student was killed in a road accident at Phultala Bazar of Keraniganj in Dhaka district on Sunday.
The deceased was identified as Shaon Ahmed, 19, a 1st year student of Padma College and son of Mainuddin of the area.
The accident took place at about11:00 am when a soil-laden human hauler rammed into the motorbike of Shaon, leaving him dead on the spot.
Sazzad Hossain, OC of Dohar Police Station, confirmed the matter. A pick-van driver was killed as a truck hit his vehicle on Rangpur-Dhaka highway in Kalitola area of Gobindaganj upazila early Monday.

The deceased was identified as Al Amin.

Sohrab Hossain, sub-inspector of Gabindaganj Highway Police, said that the accident took place around 12:30 am as a salt-laden truck rammed the tomato-laden pick-up van, leaving the driver dead on the spot. Six people were killed and nine others injured in two separate road accidents in Chattogram and Gazipur districts on Sunday and Saturday night last.    

In Chattogram: At least four people were killed and eight others injured when a Cox's bazar bound bus of Soudia Paribahan collided headed on with a Chattogram bound microbus at Bhiyardigi area under Patiya upazila of Chattogram on Sunday.

The dead are micro bus driver Sakib, 25, and passengers Anwar Hossain, 42, Mohammad Shahjahan, 32 and Jashim 16. Patiya Highway Police Outpost officer in-charge Mizanur Rahman said Cox's Bazar-bound Soudia Paribahan bus from Chattogram collided headed on with a Chattogram bound microbus at Bhiyardigi area under Patiya upazila around 8:00am. 

Both the vehicles skidded off the road and fell on a roadside paddy field following the accident that left three passengers died on the spot and another one succumbed to injuries after being taken to hospital, he said.

The injured were taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital (CMCH). In Gazipur: A truck driver and his helper were killed as the vehicle collided head-on with a covered van on Dhaka-Tangail Highway at Naotana area in Kaliganj upazila of Gazipur on Saturday night.

Officer-in-Charge (OC) of Naojar Highway Police outpost Ohiduzzaman said the accident took place when a Tangail-bound covered van knocked the truck around 10:00pm, leaving its driver dead on the spot.On information, police rushed to the spot to rescue, he added. Two college students were killed and another was severely injured after their motorcycle collided head-on with a speeding bus in Potiaghata upazila on Saturday afternoon. The deceased were identified as Shohag Sheikh, 20, son of Siddik Sheikh; and Shakil Sheikh, 20, son of Zahid Sheikh. The injured was Mojahid Sheikh, 22, son of Shaokat Sheikh. All of them hailed from Kalatia village of the upazila. 

The motorcycle driver and the two pillion riders were severely injured after a Rampal-bound bus hit the motorcycle on Khulna-Bagerhat road at Ramvadropur village around 1pm, Patiaghata Police Station in-charge Rabiul Kabir said, quoting witnesses. Locals took the injured to Khulna Medical College Hospital (KMCH) where Shohag and Shakil succumbed to their injuries around 4:30pm, said KMCH duty officer Imtiaz. Mojahid has been referred to Dhaka Medical College Hospital as his condition deteriorated. The accidents occurred early Tuesday

 
Three people have been killed in separate road accidents in Dhaka. 

Of the deceased, two were identified as tea vendor Shahin, 42, of Pirojpur, and night guard Kabir Hossain, 45, of Bagerhat. 

A bus of Dewan Poribahan rammed into a roadside tea stall in Bharata area around 3am on Tuesday, killing Shahin and Kabir on the spot. 

However, the bus driver and helper managed to flee the scene. 

In another accident, Ajana, 45, was injured when a vehicle knocked her down in Dhaka’s Mowchak area in the early hours of the day. 

She died while undergoing treatment at Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH) around 7am.   

DMCH police outpost's In-Charge Sub-Inspector Bachchu Mia confirmed the accidents to the Dhaka Tribune. 

He said the bodies have been kept in the morgue for autopsy. The microbus driver involved in the incident fled the scene

 
A fifth-grader of Milestone School and College has been killed in a road accident, in Dhaka, on Tuesday.

The deceased has been identified as Faija Tahsina Shuchi, the only daughter of senior journalist Faijul Islam of The Daily Ittefaq.

The incident took place at the Diabari area of Uttara, when a microbus ran her over in the early morning.

Confirming the incident to the Dhaka Tribune, Turag police station Sub-Inspector (SI) Burjahan said: ""We have seized the microbus. 

""However, the driver and the passengers of the vehicle were able to flee the scene. Necessary steps will be taken upon further investigation."" 

According to local sources, injured Shuchi was taken to Bangladesh Medical Hospital were the on-duty doctors declared her dead. A 10-year-old girl was run over by a microbus in Dhaka’s Uttara area when she was on her way to school this morning.

The deceased was identified as Faija Tahsina Shuchi, 10, daughter of Ittefaq’s Senior Journalist Faijul Islam.

She was on her way to school along with her father in Diabari area around 7:00am when a microbus crushed her under, said Turag Police Station Officer-in-Charge Nurul Muktakim.

Her father rushed her to Bangladesh Medical College, Uttara, where doctors declared her dead, the police officer said.

The microbus has been seized, but the driver has managed to flee. This is the third incident of road crash today and the fourth news of death under the wheels of rowdy drivers reported so far.

Back in August 2018, Bangladesh was shaken by protest for safer roads by school students who started protest after death of two students.

Despite initiatives for reform since then, deaths in road crashes have not subsided. The High Court (HC) has ordered that the families of four students killed in road accidents in Chattogram and Dhaka be given a compensation of Tk 100,000, to be paid within two weeks.
The court also issued a rule asking why the families should not be given compensation of Tk 500,000 each.
The HC bench of Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil gave the orders on Tuesday (Feb 5), after hearing a petition in the matter.
On Jan 16, a college student and on Jan 22 an eighth grader in Chattogram were killed in road crashes.
Meanwhile, in Dhaka’s Keraniganj two siblings were killed on Jan 28, also victims of a road accident.
Later Children Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust lodged a writ with the HC.
Barrister Abdul Halim, who moved for the petition said that in addition to the compensation amount, the court also ordered that the reports of the cases, identitities of the deceased, identities of the drivers and transport owners be filed with the court.
The court issued a rule asking why the failure to train transport staffers to run the vehicles as per the existing law, not filing cases over the matter and not arresting the drivers should not be deemed illegal. In addition, the rule also asked why the victims’ families should not be given compensation of Tk 500,000 each.
A total of 14 people including the home secretary, road, transport and bridges secretary, Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA) chairman, inspector general of police, Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) commissioner and Chattogram Metropolitan Police (CMP) commissioner have been made respondents to the rule. The High Court has ordered the government to compensate Tk 1 lakh to the families of four children who died in road crashes recently.

It also issued a rule asking why it should not direct the government to give Tk 50 lakh as compensation for the families of the children.

The High Court bench of Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil came up with the order and rule following a writ filed by rights organisations Children’s Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid Services Trust.The incidents of road crashes concerned with the writ petitions took place in Dhaka’s Keraniganj and Chattogram last month.

On January 28Fatima Afrin, a sixth grader and Afsar Hossain, 10, were crushed under a truck in Keraniganj when they were returning home on a motorcycle with their father.The two other children are Kazi Mahmudur Rahman, 14, son of Kazi Abdur Rahman; Soma Barua, 18, daughter of RupayanBarua– both in Chattogram. A fifth grader girl was killed after being run over by a microbus in the city’s Uttara on Tuesday.

Victim’s father Faijul Islam, Assistant Editor of the Daily Ittefaq, said his only daughter Tahsina Suchi, 10, class-V student of Diabari Milestone School, was hit by microbus of a shooting unit near bridge no-10 in Rajuk Apartment area in the morning.

Suchi was rushed to Bangladesh Medical College Hospital with her head bruised, where the duty doctor pronounced her dead, he said.

Officer-in-Charge of Turag Police Station Nurul Mottakin said police seized the microbus from the spot but its driver managed to flee.

The body was sent to Dhaka Medical College Hospital for autopsy, said the OC. Three people, including an unidentified woman, were killed in separate road accidents in Bhatara and Mouchak areas early Tuesday.

Tea-stall owner Shahin, 42, and security guard Kabir Hossain, 45, were killed on the spot after Badda-bound ‘Dewan Paribahan’ ploughed through the stall at Cocacola bus stand area, said Shihab Uddin, inspector (operation) of Bhatara Police Station.
 
Police later recovered the bodies and seized the bus.

Meanwhile, an unidentified woman, aged around 60, was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital in the morning. She appeared to have been hit by a vehicle at Mouchak intersection.

DMCH police outpost Inspector Bacchu Miah said the woman was injured and unconscious when an autorickshaw driver brought her there in the morning. A bank official and a woman were killed and 20 others injured after a bus plunged into a roadside ditch in the Sadar Upazila on Tuesday morning, reports UNB.


The deceased are Nurul Islam, 40, son of late Abdul Mazed Mollah, resident of Sultanshahi village. He was the senior officer (cash) of BASIC Bank. The other victim is Momena Begum, 25, daughter of Shahid Mollah, and a resident of Purbapara village in Kotalipara upazila.

Police said the accident took place around 9:30am on the Gopalganj-Kotalipara road in Khanarpara. 

“The bus fell into a roadside ditch, killing two persons on the spot,” said Sirajul Islam, sub-inspector of Sadar Police Station.

The injured were admitted to Gopalganj General Hospital. Three people, including an unidentified woman, were killed in separate road accidents in Bhatara and Mouchak areas early Tuesday.

Tea-stall owner Shahin, 42, and security guard Kabir Hossain, 45, were killed on the spot after Badda-bound 'Dewan Paribahan' ploughed through the stall at Cocacola bus stand area, said Shihab Uddin, inspector (operation) of Bhatara Police Station.

Police later recovered the bodies and seized the bus.

Meanwhile, an unidentified woman, aged around 60, was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital in the morning. She appeared to have been hit by a vehicle at Mouchak intersection.

DMCH police outpost Inspector Bacchu Miah said the woman was injured and unconscious when an autorickshaw driver brought her there in the morning.

She died around 8:30am. The High Court (HC) has ordered that the families of four students killed in road accidents in Chattogram and Dhaka be given a compensation of Tk 100,000, to be paid within two weeks.
The court also issued a rule asking why the families should not be given compensation of Tk 500,000 each.
The HC bench of Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil gave the orders on Tuesday (Feb 5), after hearing a petition in the matter.
On Jan 16, a college student and on Jan 22 an eighth grader in Chattogram were killed in road crashes.
Meanwhile, in Dhaka’s Keraniganj two siblings were killed on Jan 28, also victims of a road accident.
Later Children Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust lodged a writ with the HC.
Barrister Abdul Halim, who moved for the petition said that in addition to the compensation amount, the court also ordered that the reports of the cases, identitities of the deceased, identities of the drivers and transport owners be filed with the court.
The court issued a rule asking why the failure to train transport staffers to run the vehicles as per the existing law, not filing cases over the matter and not arresting the drivers should not be deemed illegal. In addition, the rule also asked why the victims’ families should not be given compensation of Tk 500,000 each.
A total of 14 people including the home secretary, road, transport and bridges secretary, Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA) chairman, inspector general of police, Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) commissioner and Chattogram Metropolitan Police (CMP) commissioner have been made respondents to the rule. Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil issued an interim order along with a rule on Tuesday after the primary hearing of a writ petition filed in public interest.

The rule asks why a directive should not be issued to make a payment of Tk 5 million in compensation to the families of the dead each.

In the meantime, the Home Secretary, Communications Secretary and Bangladesh Road Transport Authority Chairman have been given an interim order to give Tk 100,000 each to the families of the four victims within 15 days.

Barrister Abdul Halim argued on behalf of the petitioner in the court. He was accompanied by lawyer Jamiul Haque Faisal.

A class eight student on Jan 22 and a college student on Jan 16 this year have died in separate road accidents in Chattogram. On Jan 28, two children died in Dhaka’s Keraniganj. 

The home secretary, road transport and bridges secretary, chairman of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority, inspector general of police, Dhaka Metropolitan Police commissioner, Chattogram Metropolitan Police commissioner and 14 defendants have been asked to respond to the rule within four weeks.

The petitioner's lawyer Abdul Halim has said the writ petition will be moved at the High Court for the next orders on Apr 15. The High Court (HC) on Tuesday issued a rule asking authorities concerned to explain as to why the court shall not pass order to pay Tk 50 lakh each to the families of four road accident victims in Dhaka and Chattogram.
A High Court division bench comprising Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil issued the rule, asking home secretary, road, transport secretary, chairman of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA), inspector general of police, Dhaka Metropolitan Police commissioner and Chattogram Metropolitan Police commissioner to reply to the rule within four weeks, reports BSS.
The court also directed to give Taka one lakh each to the bereaved families within 15 days as interim compensation.
The HC came up with the order after holding primary hearing on a writ filed on public interest. Barrister Abdul Halim, aided by Jamiul Huq Faisal, moved the writ before the court.
An 8th-grader died on January 22 in Chattogram, while a college student died in the port city on January 16 in road accidents. Two school-going siblings were also killed in a road accident in Keraniganj area on January 28.
Children Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust filed the writ after those sad incidents.
“The court has directed the authorities concerned to file reports on steps taken after those accidents, identities of the victims, killer drivers and owners of the concerned vehicles,” Barrister Abdul Halim said.
Barrister Halim said the court has fixed April 15 for passing further order in this regard. The High Court on Tuesday asked the government to provide Tk 1 lakh as compensation to each of the families of four students who died in separate road crashes in Keraniganj and Chattogram districts in January.

The HC bench of Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil passed the order after hearing a writ petition.

The HC also issued a rule asking the government to explain why directives should not be given to provide Tk 50 lakh as compensation to each family.

It also wanted to know in the rule as to why the failure to provide training to drivers of motorised vehicles as per the government rules, file cases and arrest accused drivers should not be declared illegal.

Home, and Road Transport and Bridges secretaries, Chairman of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority, Inspector General of Police, Dhaka Metropolitan Police Commissioner and Chattogram Metropolitan Police Commissioner were made respondents to the rule which is returnable in four weeks.

The HC fixed April 15 for the next hearing.

Barrister Abdul Halim stood for the petitioner.

A Class-VIII student was killed in a road crash in Chhatogram on January 22 while a college student and two siblings were killed in separate road accidents in Keraniganj on January 16 and January 28 respectively.

Children Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust filed a writ petition with the High Court. A local leader of ruling Awami League was killed as a truck hit him on Bogura-Nagarbari road at Chariashikar area of Ullahpara upazila in the district on Tuesday.

The deceased was identified as Abdul Jalil, 54, of Patdhari village in the upazila and general secretary of AL Patdhari ward unit.

Shahin Reza, Sub-inspector of Hatikumrul Highway Police Station said a truck hit Jalil leaving him severely injured in the morning while he was crossing the road.

Later in the noon, the victim succumbed to his injuries after taking to the hospital, he said. A fifth grader girl was killed after being run over by a microbus in the city's Uttara on Tuesday.

Victim's father Faijul Islam, Assistant Editor of the Daily Ittefaq, said his only daughter Tahsina Suchi, 10, class-V student of Diabari Milestone School, was hit by microbus of a shooting unit near bridge no-10 in Rajuk Apartment area in the morning.

Suchi was rushed to Bangladesh Medical College Hospital with her head bruised, where the duty doctor pronounced her dead, he said.

Officer-in-Charge of Turag Police Station Nurul Mottakin said police seized the microbus from the spot but its driver managed to flee.

The body was sent to Dhaka Medical College Hospital for autopsy, said the OC.UNB. The High Court on Tuesday asked the government to provide Tk 1 lakh as compensation to each of the families of four students who died in separate road crashes in Keraniganj and Chattogram districts in January.

The HC bench of Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil passed the order after hearing a writ petition.

The HC also issued a rule asking the government to explain why directives should not be given to provide Tk 50 lakh as compensation to each family.

It also wanted to know in the rule as to why the failure to provide training to drivers of motorised vehicles as per the government rules, file cases and arrest accused drivers should not be declared illegal.

Home, and Road Transport and Bridges secretaries, Chairman of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority, Inspector General of Police, Dhaka Metropolitan Police Commissioner and Chattogram Metropolitan Police Commissioner were made respondents to the rule which is returnable in four weeks.

The HC fixed April 15 for the next hearing.

Barrister Abdul Halim stood for the petitioner.

A Class-VIII student was killed in a road crash in Chhatogram on January 22 while a college student and two siblings were killed in separate road accidents in Keraniganj on January 16 and January 28 respectively.

Children Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust filed a writ petition with the High Court. A local leader of transport workers was killed in a road accident at Naudapara Amchattar in the city on Tuesday night, reports UNB.


The victim was identified as Shamim, publicity secretary of District Truck Workers’ Union.

Quoting witnesses, sub-inspector of Shah Makhdum Police Station Shamim Hossain said the accident took place around 9 am when a speedy truck hit him. He died on the spot.

Later, police recovered the body and sent it to local hospital morgue for autopsy. There seems to be no end in sight to the spate of road accidents, with a total of six persons killed and 20 injured yesterday at different places in the country. In a separate development, the High Court (HC) yesterday (Tuesday) instructed the government to pay Tk.


1 lakh as compensation to the families of the four children who were killed in road crashes recently. At least four persons died yesterday (Tuesday) in the capital on account of road mishaps. A 10-year-old girl, a daughter of a journalist, died after she was run over by a microbus on her way to school at Uttara area in the morning. The deceased was identified as Faija Tahsina Shuchi, 10, a daughter of The Daily Ittefaq’s assistant editor Faijul Islam. The fifth-grade student of Diabari Milestone School was seriously injured at the time of the accident, which occurred near Bridge No. 10 of Rajuk Apartment area. She was rushed to Bangladesh Medical College Hospital, where the doctor on duty declared her dead.
The officer-in-charge (OC) of Turag police station, Nurul Mottakin, confirmed the incident. He told The Independent that the police seized the microbus from the spot but its driver and passengers had already fled. “A case has been filed with Turag police station,” he added.

In another road accident in Baridhara’s Coca-Cola bus stand area early in the morning yesterday (Tuesday), a tea vendor, Shaheen, 42, and night guard Kabir Hossain, 45, died after a bus of Dewan Poribahan rammed into a roadside tea stall in Bharata area around 3am. Two persons died on the spot. The driver of the Badda-bound bus fled the spot with the vehicle. The bodies were taken to the Dhaka Medical College morgue for autopsy.

Shihab Uddin, officer-in-charge (OC) of the

Operations Department of Bhatara police station, confirmed the incident to The Independent. He said the police later seized the bus but the driver is absconding.

Furthermore, an unidentified woman aged around 45 years was found dead after she was run over by a bus in Malibagh’s Mouchak area around 5am. She was dead by the time she was brought to the Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH) by an auto-rickshaw driver later in the morning.

In August 2018, the country was rocked by protests by school students seeking safer roads. Following the protests, several initiatives were taken, but the deaths caused by road mishaps have not subsided.

The High Court (HC) yesterday directed the government to compensate Tk. 1 lakh to the families of four children who died in road accidents in Dhaka’s Keraniganj and Chattogram recently.

It also issued a rule asking the government to explain why it should not be directed to pay Tk. 50 lakh as compensation to the families of the children.

The HC bench, comprising Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Razik-Al-Jalil, came up with the order and rule following a writ filed by rights organisations Children’s Charity Bangladesh Foundation and Bangladesh Legal Aid Services Trust.

The home secretary, communications secretary and Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA) chairman have been directed to implement its order by giving Tk. 100,000 each to the families of the four victims within 15 days.

The road crashes took place in Dhaka’s Keraniganj and Chattogram last month.

On January 28, Fatima Afrin, a sixth grader and Afsar Hossain, 10, were crushed under a truck in Keraniganj when they were returning home on a motorcycle with their father.

The two other children are Kazi Mahmudur Rahman, 14, son of Kazi Abdur Rahman, and Soma Barua, 18, daughter of Rupayan Barua, both of Chattogram.

Barrister Abdul Halim argued on behalf of the petitioner in the court. He was accompanied by lawyer Jamiul Haque Faisal.

UNB adds:

A bank official and a woman were killed and 20 others injured after a bus plunged into a roadside ditch in the Sadar upazila yesterday (Tuesday) morning.

The deceased are Nurul Islam, 40, the son of the late Abdul Mazed Mollah, resident of Sultanshahi village. He was the senior officer (cash) of BASIC Bank. The other victim is Momena Begum, 25, daughter of Shahid Mollah, and a resident of Purbapara village in Kotalipara upazila.

Police said the accident took place around 9:30am on the Gopalganj-Kotalipara road in Khanarpara.

“The bus fell into a roadside ditch, killing two persons on the spot,” said Sirajul Islam, sub-inspector of Sadar Police Station. The injured were admitted to Gopalganj General Hospital.

In Sirajganj, a local leader of ruling Awami League was killed as a truck hit him on Bogura-Nagarbari road at Chariashikar area of Ullahpara upazila in Sirajganj yesterday.  

The deceased was identified as Abdul Jalil, 54, of Patdhari village in the upazila and general secretary of AL Patdhari ward unit.

Shahin Reza, Sub-inspector of Hatikumrul Highway Police Station said a truck hit Jalil leaving him severely injured in the morning while he was crossing the road.

Later in the noon, the victim succumbed to his injuries after taking to the hospital, he said. A local leader of transport workers was killed in a road accident at Naudapara Amchattar in the city on Tuesday night.

The victim was identified as Shamim, publicity secretary of District Truck Workers’ Union.

Quoting witnesses, sub-inspector of Shah Makhdum Police Station Shamim Hossain said the accident took place around 9 am when a speedy truck hit him. He died on the spot.

Later, police recovered the body and sent it to local hospital morgue for autopsy. A woman and her granddaughter were killed and two others injured when a bus hit a CNG run-auto rickshaw on Sylhet-Fenchuganj road at Dharampur in Moglabazar upazila on Tuesday.

The deceased were identified as Farida Begum, 42 and her nine-month-old granddaughter Afroza Tisha.

Abdul Kaiyum Chowdhury, officer-in-charge of Moglabazar Police Station, said the accident took place around 5 pm when the bus hit the CNG run auto-rickshaw carrying them, leaving Farida dead on the spot and three others, including Farida’s husband, daughter-in-law and granddaughter Tisha.

The injured were taken to local hospital where the doctors declared Tisha dead.

The family met the tragic accident while returning home after taking medical treatment at Osmani Medical College and Hospital following sickness of Tisha. Three people, including an unidentified woman, were killed in separate road accidents in Bhatara and Mouchak areas early Tuesday. Tea-stall owner Shahin, 42, and security guard Kabir Hossain, 45, were killed on the spot after Badda-bound 'Dewan Paribahan' ploughed through the stall at Cocacola bus stand area, said Shihab Uddin, inspector (operation) of Bhatara Police Station. Police later recovered the bodies and seized the bus.

Meanwhile, an unidentified woman, aged around 60, was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital in the morning. DMCH police outpost Inspector Bacchu Miah said the woman was injured and unconscious when an autorickshaw driver brought her there in the morning. Clutching her father's fingers, 10-year-old Faija was crossing a road at Uttara yesterday morning. Her mother and younger brother were nearby.

All of a sudden, a speedy microbus hit the girl from behind, throwing her a few yards away. Within moments, the vehicle went over her.

A critically injured Faija was rushed to a local hospital but doctors declared her dead.

The fifth grader of Milestone School was among four people who were killed in separate road accidents in the capital yesterday. The other incidents happened in Baridhara and Malibagh.

Such deaths on roads seem unstoppable with precious lives being lost every day. 
In August last year, protests for safe roads shook the country. Thousands of students from schools, colleges and universities took to the streets following the tragic death of two college students in the capital's Kurmitola due to reckless driving.  

The government promised various actions, but deaths in road accidents continue as usual. 

YOUNG LIFE CUT SHORT
Faijul Islam, assistant editor of The Daily Ittefaq, his wife, their daughter Faija and son, six-year-old Borno, came out of their home at Sector-18 of Uttara around 7:50am.

They walked for some time and were crossing a road to take a rickshaw to Faija's school, said one of her cousins, Mostafizur Rahman Monti, quoting the victim's parents.

Suddenly, a microbus hit Faija. She was holding her father's fingers and was walking a bit ahead of him, he said. ""The driver braked for a moment after hitting her and then ran her over,"" he said.

Other guardians and locals  caught the driver and the microbus and took Faija to Uttara Adhunik Hospital in the vehicle. However, doctors there declared her dead, he said.

As the news spread, the driver fled from the hospital, leaving the vehicle in front of it.

The Daily Star correspondent found Faija's home full of sighs and cries. No words could console the grieving family.

Nurul Muktakim, officer-in-charge of Turag Police Station, said they seized the microbus and were trying to arrest the driver.

The body was taken to Shaheed Suhrawardy Medical College morgue for an autopsy.

BARIDHARA
Tea vendor Shahin Hawlader, 42, and night guard Kabir Sheikh, 45, were killed after a bus driver had lost control and drove the vehicle onto a pavement in Baridhara's Coca Cola bus stop area early yesterday.

The two were killed on the spot, said Inspector Bachchu Mia, in-charge of DMCH's police outpost.

Zahid Talukder, a relative of Shahin, told The Daily Star the Kuril-bound bus came through the median strip and hit the tea stall around 3:00am.

Police seized the bus but the driver fled.

The bodies were taken to Dhaka Medical College morgue for autopsies, the police official said.

MALIBAGH
An unidentified woman, aged around 45 years, was run over and killed by another bus in Malibagh's Mouchak area around 5:00am.

She was declared dead after some pedestrians took her to the DMCH, Bachchu Mia said. A school headmaster was killed when a bus rammed a motorbike on Dhaka-Rangpur highway at Gorermath in Mithapukur upazila on Wednesday night.

The deceased was identified as Abdul Majid, 50, headmaster of Fakirhat Government Primary School.

Bordargah Highway police sources said the accident took place around 11 pm when the Dhaka-bound bus hit the motorbike carrying Majid while he was returning home, leaving him dead on the spot.

On information, police recovered the body and sent it to Rangpur Medical College and Hospital morgue for autopsy. A woman and her mother-in-law were killed in a collision between a motorcycle and human hauler at Devgram in Kotalipara upazila on Friday morning, reports UNB.


The deceased was identified as Mansura Begum, 20, wife of Nayeem Mollah and her mother-in-law Murshida Begum, 55, hailing from Bhuturia village in Mollahat upazila of Bagerhat district.

Md Kamrul Faruk, officer-in-charge of Kotalipara Police Station, said Nayeem along with his wife and mother was going to his father-in-law’s house in Bagerhat.

The accident took place when a human hauler collided with the motorbike carrying them  around 11:30 am, leaving the duo dead on the spot and Nayeem critically injured.

On information, police sent the bodies to Gopalganj General Hospital morgue for autopsy while Nayeem was taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital for treatment, the OC added. Enamul Haque had just completed his training and was supposed to join Dhaka Metropolitan Police on Wednesday. But a fatal road accident only a day before cut his life short at 27.

The victim, of Gazipur's Kaliganj, was to join the DMP as a sub-inspector.

The accident happened on Tuesday when an ambulance hit a motorbike carrying the victim and his cousin in the capital's Bijoy Sarani area. They were returning to Uttarkhan after visiting Enamul's ailing father at Dhaka Medical College Hospital, said Zane Alam Munshi, officer-in-charge of Sher-E-Bangla Nagar Police Station.

Enamul died at a city hospital yesterday.

His cousin Azizul Hakim, 24, is being treated at a  hospital.Enamul, son of a day labourer, graduated from Jagannath University and got enrolled in police department as a sub-inspector. He completed his training on January 28.  

“He dreamt of becoming a police officer and worked hard for it. But everything ended just a day before his joining,” his uncle Nur E Alam Siddique said while talking to this correspondent over the phone.  

He also demanded the immediate arrest of the ambulance driver and his punishment.

Victim's younger brother Mahidul Islam filed a case with Kafrul Police Station. A woman and her mother-in-law were killed in a collision between a motorcycle and human hauler at Devgram in Kotalipara upazila on Friday morning.

The deceased was identified as Mansura Begum, 20, wife of Nayeem Mollah and her mother-in-law Murshida Begum, 55, hailing from Bhuturia village in Mollahat upazila of Bagerhat district.

Md Kamrul Faruk, officer-in-charge of Kotalipara Police Station, said Nayeem along with his wife and mother was going to his father-in-law’s house in Bagerhat.

The accident took place when a human hauler collided with the motorbike carrying them  around 11:30 am, leaving the duo dead on the spot and Nayeem critically injured.

On information, police sent the bodies to Gopalganj General Hospital morgue for autopsy while Nayeem was taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital for treatment, the OC added. Three army personnel were killed and nine others injured in a road accident in Subarnachar upazila here on Friday afternoon. 

The deceased were identified as sepoys Mamun, Foyez and Firoz of the Engineer Corp-21 of Jalalabad Cantonment in Sylhet. 

Md Shahed Uddin, officer in-charge of Char Jabbar Police Station, said a motorcade of the army men from Jalalabad Cantonment was going to the Swarna Dwip in the upazila for winter parade.

As the motorcade reached Totarbazar, one of the vehicles skidded off the road and plunged into a roadside ditch, killing the trio on the spot and injuring nine other army men.

On information, members of Fire Service and Civil Defence rushed in and conducted the rescue operation with the help of locals and army personnel.

The injured were first taken to the upazila health complex and later airlifted to the Combined Military Hospital in Dhaka, the OC said. A havildar of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) was killed after a truck hit his motorcycle at Moshipur area in Shahjadpur upazila on Friday noon.

The deceased was identified as Giasuddin Ahmed, 60, of Shaktipur Mahalla of the upazila.

Sub-Inspector Nurul Huda of Shahjadpur Police Station, said Havildar Giasuddin was going to buy bricks at Talgachi area.

A cement-laden truck, coming from the opposite direction, hit his motorcycle, leaving him critically injured, the SI said. He died while being taken to a local hospital.

A case was filed at the police station over the incident. A case has been filed in one of the incidents

 
Two separate road accidents have left two people dead in Tangail.

One of the accidents took place in Sadar upazila on Saturday while the other one was in Madhupur upazila on Friday night.

The Sadar upazila accident, according to locals, took place when a truck ran over an unidentified man on the Dhaka-Tangail highway, killing him on the spot.

One of the deceased who was killed in Madhupur was identified as Farhad Hossain, 32, a mason and son of Raiz Uddin of West Khilgati village.

Farhad was hit by a passenger bus from behind while he was on a motorcycle. Later the Fire Service took him to Madhupur Hospital where he was declared dead.

“The bus driver was arrested and a case was filed by Farhad’s family,” confirmed Madhupur police station OC, Shafikul Islam.
 He was a primary grade student of Special Education School for Students with Disabilities & Technical Training Centre

 
A differently-abled minor student has been killed after a speeding bus ran him over in Gopalganj.

The incident took place on Gopalganj-Tungipara road in Malekbazar area of Tungipara upazila around 11am on Saturday.

The deceased has been identified as Korban Sardar, 12, from Sriramkandi village of Tungipara. 

Korban was a primary grade student of Special Education School for Students with Disabilities & Technical Training Centre, located in Malekbazar area. He had been staying at the school’s rehabilitation centre for the past two weeks.

The Rehabilitation Centre Nurse Halima Begum said: “Ratna Begum, mother of Korban, admitted him here at the centre 15 days ago. Korban started his primary education while staying at the centre.

“Since the school remains close on Friday and Saturday, we did not notice Korban leaving the centre premises on Saturday morning,"" she said. ""Later, a speeding bus ran him over while he was trying to cross road, leaving him dead on the spot.""

Tungipara Police Station Sub-Inspector (SI) Kamruzzaman said the body has been recovered and sent to Gopalganj General Hospital morgue. Four people were killed in separate road accidents in Dhamrai, Savar, Narail and Munshiganj on Saturday.

Police identified the deceased as Md Ali Arshaf, a retired army officer from Barishal, Md Mosharraf Hossain, son of Munayem Gazi of Patuakhali, Ekramul Sheikh, son of Rizzak Sheikh of Narail, and Md Mostofa of Bhola.

Ashulia police’s Sub-Inspector Jaminur Rahman said Arshaf was killed after being run over by a speeding bus on Dhaka-Aricha Highway in Nabinagar in the morning.

In a separate accident, Mosharraf was killed and four others were injured after the microbus they were travelling in overturned in Dhamrai, said Sub-Inspector Promoj of Dhamrai Police Station.

Anwar Hossain, in-charge of Kalia Police Station, said peddled-van driver Ekramul was killed and two others were injured after a brick-laden vehicle ran them over at Chowrasta area around 11am.

The injured – Minhaj Gazi and Razina Khanam – were admitted to Khulna Medical College Hospital in critical condition, the OC added.

Meanwhile, Mostofa was killed when a brick crushing machine fell into ditch at Pauldia area here, said Sub-Inspector Niranjan Ray of Sirajdikhan Police Station. The incidents took place on Saturday

 
Seven separate road crashes in four districts of the country, claimed the lives of six people, injuring two others.

The incidents took place on Saturday.

In Gopalganj, two people, including a minor student and a woman, were killed in separate road accidents.

The child, Korban Sardar, 12, a differently-abled primary school student was killed after a speeding bus ran him over on the Gopalganj-Tungipara road around 11am.

The woman, Shiba Sardar, 21, a construction worker, was run over by a motorcycle on the Dhaka-Khulna Highway around 12pm.

According to Gopalganj and Tungipara police, the victims died on the spot after being run-over by the speeding vehicles.

The bodies were recovered and sent to Gopalganj General Hospital for autopsy, he added.

In Jessore, a mill worker has died and two others injured, in separate road accidents.

The deceased, Sultan Arefin, 40, was run over by an oncoming speeding ambulance on the Jessore-Narail road of the Hamidpur area in the morning.

""After he was admitted to Jessore General Hospital, the duty doctors declared him dead,"" said the deceased’s brother, Tuhin.

In a separate accident, the driver of a motorized three-wheeler and his companion, were injured after the vehicle overturned when one of its wheels got dislodged near the Shatmail area, around 8am.

The driver has been identified as Shahinur, while his companion is Ekramul.

In Tangail, two separate road accidents have left two people dead.

In the Sadar upazila, a truck ran over an unidentified man on the Dhaka-Tangail highway, killing him on the spot.

In Madhupur, Farhad Hossain, 32, was hit by a passenger bus from behind while he was on a motorcycle.

“The bus driver was arrested and a case was filed by Farhad’s family,” confirmed Madhupur police station OC, Shafikul Islam.

In Naogaon, a construction worker was killed when a sand-hauler truck lost control and overturned in Patnitala upazila in the afternoon.

The deceased, Jibon Roy, 23, the helper of the truck, died after being trapped underneath the truck.

Patnitala police station OC, Parimal Kumar Chakrabarti, said the body was recovered and handed over to family members. A four-year-old boy has been killed as he was hit by a rickshaw in Mugda area of Dhaka.

The deceased Shimon, playfully escaped his mother’s hand and ran into the road in Manda area around 2:00pm yesterday when a rickshaw ran over him, police told The Daily Star.

Shimon’s mother had taken her two sons to a nearby grocery shop when the incident took place, Bacchu Mia, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital police outpost, said.

Immediately after the accident, Shimon’s family took him to DMCH where on-duty doctors declared him dead around 4:00pm, he also said.

The victim’s father works as a driver of a private car, the police official said, adding that the family hails from Boalmari of Faridpur. The body was sent to the sadar hospital for autopsy. Six people including three army personnel were killed in road accidents across the country yesterday. In Noakhali, three army personnel were killed and nine others injured in a road crash at Swarna Dwip on yesterday.
The accident took place at Totarbazar area in the upazila around 3:30 pm. The deceased were identified as Fayez, Mamun and Firoz. No further details of the incident were known immediately. Officer in-charge (OC) of Char Jabbar Mohammad Sahed said a Jeep carrying army personnel was heading towards the Swarna Dwip Army training camp. The car collided with a roadside tree and fell into to a ditch as the driver lost control of the vehicle, he added.
In Gopalganj, a head-on collision between a motorbike and a locally-made human hauler, known as Nasiman, left two people dead and another injured on the Kotalipara-Rajoir road. The deceased have been identified as Murshida Begum, 55, and Mansura Begum, 20, while the injured was Nayem Mollah. The incident was reported on yesterday noon from the Chitkibari area of the district’s Kotalipara Upazila, said police.

Injured Nayem was admitted to the Kotalipara Upazila Health Complex and later shifted to the state-owned hospital in the district town.

Mohammad Kamrul Faruq, Officer In Charge (OC) Kotalipara police station, said that Nayem, along with his mother and wife, was on the way to Mollahhat on a motorbike, which collided head-on with a the human hauler, leaving his mother and wife dead on the spot and him injured.

In Sirajganj, a Havildar of the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) was killed after a truck hit his motorcycle in the Moshipur area in the Shahjadpur upazila on Friday afternoon. The deceased was identified as Giasuddin Ahmed, 60, of Shaktipur Mahalla of the upazila. Sub-Inspector Nurul Huda of the Shahjadpur Police Station said Havildar Giasuddin was going to buy bricks at Talgachi. A cement-laden truck, coming from the opposite direction, hit his motorcycle, leaving him critically injured, the SI said. He died while being taken to a local hospital. A case was filed at the police station over the incident. The bus hit him when he was crossing the road around 11:30am, leaving him dead on the spot. Three students of a college were killed as a bus rammed a motorcycle riding by them at Etahata area in the city on Sunday morning.

The deceased were identified as Rajababu, Jony and Mahfuz, class-XII students of Shahjahan Ali College in Kaliakoir upazila.

Muktar Hossain, officer-in-charge of Bason Police Station, said that the accident took place around 10 am when a bus of ‘Palash Paribahan’ hit the motorcycle in front of Kashem Textile Mills, leaving two of them dead on the spot and one injured.

The injured was taken to a local hospital where doctors declared him dead.

Police seized the bus and arrested its driver, said the OC. A late night collision with a truck in Khulna killed three passengers and two pedestrians
A total of 11 people were killed in separate road accidents in four districts on Sunday.
Khulna
Around 11pm near the Rupsa Bypass Road, a truck collided with a car, killing its three passengers. The collision also killed two pedestrians nearby. Police impounded the truck and are working to identify the deceased. The driver has not been apprehended.
Gazipur
Sunday morning, a motorcycle carrying three, collided with a bus, instantly killing the ill-fated three. Two were killed on the spot, and the third was declared dead when taken to a hospital.
The deceased have been identified as Raja Babu, 18, Johnny, 17, and Shakib Hossain, 17. All three were students at Prof Shahjahan Ali College. The accident took place at Itahata in Konabari at 10am. Police have impounded the PalashParibahan bus and arrested the driver.
Narsingdi
Two motorcyclists were run over by a covered van Sunday afternoon on the Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in Narsingdi. Both were killed on the spot. Locals detained the driver and handed him to the police. The two deceased have been identified as Roxy and Rabbi, both residents of Madhabdi. The accident took place outside the Meherpur UP office.
Tangail
A bus ran over a pedestrian on the Tangail-Aricha Road in Nagarpur on Sunday afternoon when he was crossing the road. According to eyewitnesses, Shahidul – the deceased- was crossing the road when a speeding bus from Village Paribahan ran over him.
The driver has been arrested and the bus has been impounded. Three students of a college were killed as a bus rammed a motorcycle riding by them at Etahata area in the city on Sunday morning.


The deceased were identified as Rajababu, Jony and Mahfuz, class-XII students of Shahjahan Ali College in Kaliakoir upazila.

Muktar Hossain, officer-in-charge of Bason Police Station, said that the accident took place around 10 am when a bus of 'Palash Paribahan' hit the motorcycle in front of Kashem Textile Mills, leaving two of them dead on the spot and one injured.

The injured was taken to a local hospital where doctors declared him dead.

Police seized the bus and arrested its driver, said the OC.UNB Three teenagers were killed after a bus rammed into their motorbike on Dhaka-Tangail highway in Gazipur's Konabari area yesterday.

The dead are Raja Babu, 18, Johnny, 17, and Shakib, 17, class-XII students of Prof Shahjahan Ali College in Kaliakoir upazila of the district.

Muktar Hossain, officer-in-charge of Bason Police Station, said a Gazipur-Kaliakoir bus of Palash Paribahan hit the motorbike around 10:00am, leaving Johnny and Shakib dead on the spot and Raja Babu severely injured.

Later Raja Babu was taken to a local clinic where doctors declared him dead, the OC added.

The OC further said that the three were going to college riding the motorbike but no driving liscence was recovered from the spot.Although there were three people, only one helmet was found on the spot, he added.

Police seized the bus and detained its driver after the accident. A case was filed with Bason Police Station in this connection.

The bodies were handed over to family members after conducting autopsies at Gazipur Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College Hospital. The accident occurred on the bypass road of Rupsa Bridge around 11pm on Sunday, MM Shakiluzzaman, additional deputy commissioner of Khulna Metropolitan Police told bdnews24.com.

He could not give further details and identify the victims immediately. Three people, including a couple, were killed and another person was injured in a road accident on the Dhaka-Chattogram Highway at Bhaberchar Bus Terminal in Gazaria Upazila on Monday, reports UNB.


The deceased were identified as Siddiqur Rahman, 70, a retired Grameen Bank officer, his wife Jesmine Sultana, 55, of Kachua upazila, Abdullah Sarkar, 33, the driver of a private car of Matlab (South) upazila.

Sub-Inspector Billal Hossain of Bhaberchar highway police said the accident took place around 12:30pm.

The private car rammed into a covered van from behind, killing the three on the spot and injuring the couple’s domestic help, he said.

Police recovered the bodies and sent them to a local hospital morgue. At least seven people, including a schoolgirl, were killed and 21 others were injured in separate road accidents in Munshiganj, Lalmonirhat, Khulna and Cox’s Bazar on Monday. 

In Munshiganj, three people, including a couple, were killed and another person was injured in an accident on the Dhaka-Chattogram Highway at Bhaberchar Bus Terminal in Gazaria Upazila.

The deceased were identified as Siddiqur Rahman, 70, a retired Grameen Bank officer, his wife Jesmine Sultana, 55, of Kachua upazila, Abdullah Sarkar, 33, the driver of a private car from Matlab (South) upazila.

The accident took place around 12:30pm after the private car rammed into a covered van from behind, killing the three on the spot and injuring the couple's domestic help, said Sub-Inspector Billal Hossain of Bhaberchar highway police.

In Lalmonirhat, two motorcyclists were killed after being hit by a truck in Patgram upazila, leaving them dead on the spot. 

The deceased were identified as Khorshed Alam, 40, and Arif Hossain, 38, both hailing from Golgao Bazar of the district town, said Mahfuz Alam, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station. 
 
In Khulna, an eighth grader was killed and 20 others were injured when a picnic bus overturned at Chuknagar in Dumuria Upazila.

The deceased was identified as Meghla, a student of Shyamnagar Girls' High School in Jashore Sadar upazila. The accident took place on the Khulna-Satkhira Highway around 11:30am.

A bus carrying 60 students, teachers and staff of the school overturned while heading to Shat Gambuj mosque, killing the girl on the spot, said Aminul Islam Biplab, officer-in-charge of Dumuria Police Station.

The injured were taken to Khulna Medical College Hospital. 

In Cox’s Bazar, an elderly man was killed after being hit by a speeding motorcycle on Dhaka-Chattogram Highway in Islampur area in the morning. 

The deceased was identified as Bashir Ahmed, son of Jamal Ahmed of Pokkhali, said Malumghat Highway Police in-charge Md Alamgir Hossain. Three people, including a couple, were killed and another person was injured in a road accident on the Dhaka-Chattogram Highway at Bhaberchar Bus Terminal in Gazaria Upazila on Monday.

The deceased were identified as Siddiqur Rahman, 70, a retired Grameen Bank officer, his wife Jesmine Sultana, 55, of Kachua upazila, Abdullah Sarkar, 33, the driver of a private car of Matlab (South) upazila.

Sub-Inspector Billal Hossain of Bhaberchar highway police said the accident took place around 12:30pm.

The private car rammed into a covered van from behind, killing the three on the spot and injuring the couple’s domestic help, he said.

Police recovered the bodies and sent them to a local hospital morgue. A total of 13 people were killed in separate road accidents in four districts on Sunday night and Monday

 
Khulna

Five people were killed in a head-on collision between a truck and a car in the Harintana Gate area of Khulna Sunday night.

The incident took place on the Khulna-Rupsa Bypass Road, in front of Labanchara police station, of the city around 10:45pm, police said.

Labanchata police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Md Shafiqul Islam said four of the deceased were identified as Bangladesh Chhatra League activists: Mahmud Hasan Babu, Walid Mahmud Utshob, Shaju Ahmed, Animul Islam Gazi, all hailing from different places in Gopalganj. The fifth victim was identified as Gopalganj Juba League activist Sadikul Alam.

Quoting witnesses, OC Shafiqul said the Khulna-bound truck, carrying cement, had collided with the Bagerhat-bound car, leaving three passengers of the car and two pedestrians dead on the spot.

After being notified, police and firefighters arrived at the scene and recovered the bodies of the deceased.

The truck was later impounded by police. Its driver, however, managed to flee the scene right after the accident and is yet to be apprehended.

On the other hand, a schoolgirl was killed and at least 30 others injured when a picnic bus turned turtle in the Dumuria upazila of Khulna on Monday.

Deceased Meghla, was a class VIII student of Shyamnagar Secondary Girls' School.

Dumuria police station OC Aminul Islam said the students of the school riding in three buses were heading towards the Bagerhat Sixty Domed Mosque.

Suddenly, one of the buses, carrying at least 65 students, turned turtle in the Chakundia area around 11:30am after its driver lost control over the steering, leaving one dead on the scene and 30 wounded.

Munshiganj

Three people were killed in a road accident in the Bhoberchor area of the Gazaria upazila of Munshiganj on Monday morning.

The deceased were identified as Grameen Bank Principal (retd.) Siddiqur Rahman, 70, his wife Jesmin Sultana, 55, and their chauffeur Abdullah Sarkar, 35. 

The accident occurred when a private car struck a covered van, from behind, on the Dhaka-Chittagong highway, around 12:45pm.  All of them were from the Chandpur area. 

Bhoberchor Police Highway Traffic Inspector (TI) Jahirul Islam confirmed the matter. 

Lalmonirhat

Two motorcyclists were killed in a road accident in the Patgram upazila of the Lalmonirhat district on Monday.

Deceased Khorshed Alam, 40, and Arif Hossain, 38, were residents of the Goshala Bazar area of the district town, confirmed Patgram Police Station sub-Inspector (SI) Soleman Ali.

The SI said a truck hit a motorcycle in the Baura area around 3:30pm, leaving two bikers dead on the scene.

Naogaon

Two people were killed in separate road accidents in the district on Monday morning. 

The deceased were identified as Ziaur Rahman,35, son of Abu Taleb Sarder of the BDR camp area  and Humyra Khatun, 7, daughter of Nazrul Islam of the Parail village under the Ganeshpur union and a student of Al Hera School Academy of the Manda upazila.

According to police sources, Ziaur Rahman died on the spot when a picnic bus hit his bicycle in the Shokher Polli area.

On the other hand a three wheeler locally known vot-voti hit Humyra near the Prasadpur Bazar while she was going to the school.

Naogaon Model police station Officer-in-Charge Abdul Hye and Manda police station Officer-in-Charge Mozaffar Hossain confirmed the incidents. The crash killed three passengers of the car and two pedestrians on the spot

 
Five people have been killed in a head-on collision between a truck and a car in Harintana Gate area of Khulna Sunday night.

The incident took place on Khulna-Rupsa Bypass Road, in front of Labanchara police station, of the city around 10:45pm, police said.

Labanchata police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Md Shafiqul Islam said four of the deceased were identified as Bangladesh Chhatra League activists: Mahmud Hasan Babu, Walid Mahmud Utshob, Shaju Ahmed, Animul Islam Gazi, all hailing from different places in Gopalganj. The fifth victim was identified as Gopalganj Juba League activist Sadikul Alam.

Quoting witnesses, OC Shafiqul said the Khulna-bound truck, carrying cement, had collided with the Bagerhat-bound car, leaving three passengers of the car and two pedestrians dead on the spot.

After being notified, police and fire-fighters arrived at the scene and recovered the bodies of the deceased.

The truck was later impounded by police. Its driver, however, managed to flee the scene right after the accident and is yet to be apprehended. At least three people were killed and four sustained injuries when their microbus burst into flames after being hit by a covered van on Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Nizampur in Mirsharai upazila on Tuesday morning.The deceased were identified as Abdur Rahman, 65, Kulsum Begum, 55, and microbus driver while the injured are Abul Kalam, Mohammad Rashed Rony, Mohammad Malek and Rasel.

Md Jashim Uddin, deputy assistant director of Fire Service and Civil Defence, said that the Chattogram-bound microbus from Noakhali burst into flames when the covered van hit it and dragged it to some distance in front around 7 am.

On information, a fire-fighting team rushed in and recovered the three bodies from the microbus and rescued the injured. Three people, including a freedom fighter and his granddaughter, were killed and eight others injured as a bus hit a human hauler in Lemua Bridge area of Sadar upazila on Wednesday afternoon.

The deceased are—Abdus Sobhan, 75, his granddaughter Saika, 3, and Rehana Akhter, 26, wife of Mohammad Ripon, residents of Kazir Dighi village.

Akbar Hossain, in-charge of Muhuriganj Highway Police outpost, said that the accident took place around 3:45pm when the Dhaka-bound ‘Unique Paribahan’ bus hit the human hauler from the back side, leaving two people dead on the spot and nine others, including four critically, injured. 

Among them, one died on the way to hospital and three others were sent to Chattogram Medical College and Hospital.

Abdus Sobhan, a freedom fighter of Chhanua Union, lost his two sons-Nurun Nabi Chowdhury and Nur Ahmmed Munshi- in a road crash on December 14 and Saika  was daughter of Nurun Nabi. A female student of Pabna Medical College was killed in a road accident at Central Bus Terminal in Pabna Sadar on Wednesday.
 
The deceased was identified as Taniza Haider, 22, a 3rd year student of the college and daughter of Sammak Haider, hailing from Rajshahi district.
 
The accident took place in the afternoon when a cement-laden truck hit a motorbike carrying Tazina and her friend at the place, said Rafsan Zami Islam, sub-inspector of Pabna Sadar Police Station.

Tazina died on the spot while her friend sustained injuries, he added. Two people have been died on the spot when a bus plunged into a road-side ditch on Rajbari-Kushtia highway.
The incident was reported from Sialdangi area in Machpara Union of Rajbari’s Pangsha Upazila around 2.30am on Thursday (Feb 14), said police.
The deceased have been identified as 22-year-old Md Milon Hossain and 25-year-old Jamal Hossain.
“Being informed, a unit of Pangsha Fire Service and Civil Defense recovered the bodies from the spot around 2.45am on Thursday (Feb 14),” Pangsha Fire Service and Civil Defense station officer Rezaul Karim told Bangla Tribune.
“Legal measures will be taken over the incident,” added Karim. Five of them died in separate accidents in three districts on Wednesday

 
At least eight people were killed in separate road accidents in four districts around the country on Tuesday evening and Wednesday.

In Feni, three people, including a freedom fighter and his granddaughter, were killed and eight others injured after a bus hit a human haulier in Sadar upazila’s Lemua Bridge area on Wednesday afternoon.

The deceased were identified as freedom fighter Abdus Sobhan, 75, his granddaughter Saika, 3, and Rehana Akhter, 26. All of them were residents of Kazir Dighi village.

Muhuriganj highway police outpost’s In-Charge Akbar Hossain said a Dhaka-bound Unique Paribahan bus rear-ended the smaller vehicle around 3:45pm, leaving two people dead on the spot and nine others injured.

One of the injured died on the way to hospital. Three others with critical injuries were later sent to Chittagong Medical College Hospital for better treatment

In Comilla, a woman was killed and five others injured when a bus crashed into a three-wheeler on the Comilla-Sylhet Highway in Burichang upazila on Wednesday morning.

The deceased was identified as Boishakhi Paul, 30, wife of Manik Chandra Paul of the upazila’s Rampur village, said Mahbubur Rahman, in-charge of Comilla- Mainamati Highway police outpost.

He said Boishakhi was killed on the spot.

In Khulna, a Khulna Medical College (KMC) student died from injuries sustained in a road accident on the bypass road in Labanchara area on Wednesday morning.

The deceased was identified as Arifur Rahman Akash, 23, a fifth-year student of 24th batch at KMC.

According to Labanchara police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Md Shafiqul Islam, Akash left on his motorcycle for Rupsha Bridge via Zero Point around 8:30am, when he got into an accident on the bypass road near the station.

Akash was rushed to Khulna Medical College Hospital, but the on-duty doctors declared him dead upon arrival. 

Police suspect a private car hit Akash's motorcycle from behind and left him with critical injuries, the OC said.

In Dhaka, three people were killed after a bus crashed into a CNG-run auto-rickshaw on the Bangladesh-China Friendship Bridge, commonly known as Postogola bridge, in Postogola area on Tuesday evening.

The deceased were identified as Bachchu Mia, 60, his son Zobayed, 28, and Syed Ahmed, 30.

Bachchu and Zobayed are from Keraniganj, and Ahmed is from Shariatpur.

Shyampur police station OC Mizanur Rahman said three passengers of the auto-rickshaw were killed on the spot when a Salsabil Paribahan bus rammed into the three-wheeler around 6:15pm. A female student of Pabna Medical College was killed in a road accident at Central Bus Terminal in Pabna Sadar on Wednesday.The deceased was identified as Taniza Haider, 22, a 3rd year student of the college and daughter of Sammak Haider, hailing from Rajshahi district.The accident took place in the afternoon when a cement-laden truck hit a motorbike carrying Tazina and her friend at the place, said Rafsan Zami Islam, sub-inspector of Pabna Sadar Police Station.Tazina died on the spot while her friend sustained injuries, he added. A head-on collision between a truck and a pickup van has left one people dead on the spot and three another injured in the capital’s Malibagh.The incident was reported in front of Abul Hotel in the area around 5am on Thursday (Feb 14), said police.The identity of the deceased is yet to be known.The injured pickup van driver Kajol, his assistant Billal Hossain and Rokon have been admitted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH).“A truck and a pick up van collide head-on at Malibagh area early on Thursday,” said Hatirjheel police Sub-Inspector Mizanur Rahman.“A body has been recovered from the spot,” said Rahman before adding, “Police is trying to identify the deceased.” Two people were killed and eight others injured when a bus plunged into a roadside ditch at Shialdangi village in Pangsha upazila early Thursday.
The deceased were identified as Milon Pramanik, 22, son of Badsha Pramanik and Jalal Uddin Pramanik, 28, son of Shaheb Ali of Bogura district.
Jahangir Alam, officer-in-charge of Rajbari Highway Police, said the accident took place around 2 am when a Baliaknadi-bound minibus from Bogura fell into the roadside ditch while giving side to a microbus coming from opposite direction, leaving two dead on the spot and eight others injured.The injured were taken to a local hospital, he said. Confirming the accidents to the Dhaka Tribune over phone, Dhaka Railway Police In-charge of Airport Station Sub-Inspector (SI) Nazrul Islam said: 'Two people were crushed under the wheels of trains in two separate places near Joar Shahara rail crossing area'

 
Five people were killed in separate accidents in Dhaka city on Thursday.

Two of the victims were run over by trains in two different places at Joar Shahara railway crossing near Moghbazar.

The first incident took place around 9am when an elderly man was crushed under the wheels of a train. His identity is yet to be confirmed.

The other deceased, Arafat Hossain, 40, a resident of Uttara, was run over by a Mymensingh-bound train around 9:30am in the same area.

Confirming the accidents to the Dhaka Tribune over phone, Dhaka Railway Police In-charge of Airport Station Sub-Inspector (SI) Nazrul Islam said: ""Two people were crushed under the wheels of trains in two separate places near Joar Shahara rail crossing area.

""We could not identify the elderly man who died earlier on Thursday, but the person who died in the later incident has been identified. He was deaf to warnings by the gateman as he was speaking on his mobile phone. The gateman blew his whistle several times to warn him, but he paid no heed.""

""We have informed his family about the accident. Necessary steps will be taken after carrying out further investigation,"" he added.

Meanwhile, a 65-year-old pedestrian named Abul Hossain was killed in a road accident in Shyamoli area.

SI Md Ashraful of Adabor police station said that Abul Hossain died at the scene after he was run over by a bus while crossing the road around 1pm. Police seized the bus, but the driver managed to flee.

In another road accident, one person was killed and three others were injured when a truck and a pickup van collided head-on in Malibagh.

SI Mizanur Rahman of Hatirjheel police station said that the pickup van, loaded with chickens, collided with a fish-laden truck around 5am on Thursday, killing one person and injuring three others. 

“We are yet to identify the deceased,” he said.

The three injured men, pickup van driver Kajol and his helpers, Billal Hossain and Rokon, were admitted to the National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopaedic Rehabilitation (NITOR) at Sher-e-Bangla Nagar.

Meanwhile, Kalu Mia, 45, who was injured in a road accident on Wednesday night at Mirpur, died on Thursday morning. The accident happened in front of Tamim Bhaban at Mirpur Section-1, Inspector Bachchu Miah, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital police outpost, said. Two people were killed and eight others injured when a bus plunged into a roadside ditch at Shialdangi village in Pangsha upazila early Thursday.

The deceased were identified as Milon Pramanik, 22, son of Badsha Pramanik and Jalal Uddin Pramanik, 28, son of Shaheb Ali of Bogura district.

Jahangir Alam, officer-in-charge of Rajbari Highway Police, said the accident took place around 2 am when a Baliaknadi-bound minibus from Bogura fell into the roadside ditch while giving side to a microbus coming from opposite direction, leaving two dead on the spot and eight others injured.

The injured were taken to a local hospital, he said. A pillion rider was killed after being hit by a speeding truck in Shibganj Upazila on Tuesday.

The deceased was identified as Mabia Begum, 39, wife of Saifuddin, resident of Kornakhali Mirzapur village of the upazila.

Sub-Inspector Faruk Khan of Shibganj Police Station said the accident took place around 9am on Chapainawabganj-Sonamansjid Road in Kanshat.

“Mabia fell down and died on the spot after a Sonamasjid-bound truck hit the motorcycle,” he said.

Police seized the truck. A t least nine people were killed in separate road accidents in four districts of the country on Wednesday and Tuesday night

 
The accidents took place in Barguna, Lalmonirhat, Natore, and Savar 

A t least nine people were killed in separate road accidents in four districts of the country on Wednesday and Tuesday night. 

Barguna

A Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examinee was killed in a road accident in Patharghata upazila of Barguna district on Wednesday morning.

The deceased was identified as Md Sabbir, 16, son of Md Munnu Molla, a resident of Mollabari in the upazila.

Sabbir sat for this year's SSC exam from Saptagram High School and College. 

Patharghata police station Officer in-Charge,  Md Hanif Sikder, said a three wheeler (locally known as TomTom) hit a motorcycle near Dafader Bari Bus Stand, leaving its rider Sabbir dead on the spot, and another injured.

The body was sent to Barguna Sadar Hospital morgue, the OC added. 

Lalmonirhat

Five people were killed and 20 others injured when a bus collided with a human hauler in Sadar upazila of Lalmonirhat on Tuesday night. 

The deceased were identified as, Akkel Ali, 55, his grandson Ashik Islam, 18, Mahbubul Haque, 45, and Shahana Begum and Shuruj Ali, said Officer-in-charge (OC) of Lalmonirhat Sadar police station, Mahfuz Alam.

Quoting locals, police said a Dhaka-bound bus of Himel Paribahan collided head-on with a human hauler on the Rangpur-Kurigram highway around 10pm that left three human hauler passengers dead on the scene and 20 wounded.

Shahana Begum and Shuruj Ali died on their way to Kurigram Sadar Hospital.

Quoting witnesses and the injured, the OC said the bus driver's reckless driving led to the accident.

Police seized the bus but its driver and other staff fled, the OC said.

Natore

A school teacher was killed and six others injured, including five schoolboys, in a road crash in the Automills area of Baraigram upazila on Wednesday noon.

The deceased was identified as Abdul Bari, a resident of the upazila.

The accident took place when an auto-rickshaw hit a school rickshaw-van, colliding head on after hitting a motorcycle, leaving the motorcyclist dead on the spot and injuring six others, said Alim Hossain, officer-in-charge of Banpara Highway police station.

Savar

Two people, including a college student, were killed in separate road crashes in Savar on the outskirts of Dhaka on Tuesday morning.

The deceased were identified as Wali Al Tahsin,18, student of Morning Glory School and College, and RMG worker Samir Molla,22.

According to police sources, a truck hit Tahsin’s motorcycle, leaving him critically injured on the Dhaka-Aricha highway in the Bishmile Bus Station area, on his way to college. 

Locals rescued him in critical condition and took him to Enam Medical College and Hospital, Savar, where doctors declared him dead.

RMG worker Samir died as a car ran over him on the Nabinagar-Kaliakoir highway on his way to work in the EPZ area.

Ashulia police station Officer-in-Charge, Zabed Mahmud, confirmed the incidents.
 A school teacher was killed and six others including five schoolboys injured in a road crash at Automills area in Baraigram upazila on Wednesday noon. The deceased was identified as Abdul Bari, a resident of the upazila.

The accident took place when an auto-rickshaw hits a school rickshaw-van collided head on after hitting a motorcycle, leaving the motorcyclist dead on the spot and injuring six others, said Alim Hossain, officer-in-charge of Banpara Highway Police Station. Two persons died and two others were injured in separate road accidents in Dinajpur and Pirojpur districts yesterday.

In Dinajpur, tractor driver Al Amin, 30, died after the vehicle overturned in Phulbari upazila, reports our correspondent.

Police said, around 6am Al Amin got on a clay road after loading his tractor with sand from a nearby river.

Later, the vehicle overturned on the road and he was killed on the spot.

In Pirojpur, a worker identified as Khokan Akan, 35, died and two others were injured in an accident in Bhandaria upazila, reports our correspondent.The injured -- Masud, 25, and Lokman, 25 -- were taken to Bhandaria Upazila Health Complex and Barishal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital respectively, said Md Shahabuddin, officer-in-charge of Bhandaria Police Station.

Khokan and Masud were going to Rajapur upazila in Jhalakathi by a battery-run auto-rickshaw. When the vehicle reached Pirojpur-Barishal road, it was hit by a microbus coming from the opposite direction, police said. A man and his son were killed as a covered van rammed their motorbike at Kadamtoli in the city on Friday night.

The deceased are- Md Sagir, 42,  a grocery shop owner and his son Md Junayed, 12,a  class five student of Agrabad Ganapurto Bidya Niketan School.

Md Jahir Hossain, sub-inspector of Double Mooring Police Station, said that the accident took place around 11:45 pm in front of Dhonialapara mosque when the covered van hit the motorcycle carrying the duo, leaving them dead on the spot. The accidents took place on Friday night and early on Saturday

 
As many as five people have been killed and at least six others injured in separate road accidents in Tangail.

The accidents occurred in Kalihati and Basail upazila on early Saturday, and in Mirzapur and Dhanbari upazila on Friday night.

The deceased are microbus driver Mosharraf Hossain Musa, President of Sushasoner Jonno Nagorik's (Shujan) Chapainawabganj unit Syed Shahjamal,  Mirzapur businessman Samad Khan, 60, pharmaceutical sales representative Aminul Islam, 29, and Majedur Rahman, 50.

In Kalihati upazila, the Shujan Chapainawabganj  president and a microbus driver were killed, and at least six injured, after being run over by an unidentified vehicle in Hatia near the Dhaka-Tangail-Bangabandhu Highway on early Saturday. 

Bangabandhu Bridge East police station Sub-Inspector Kabirul Haque told the Dhaka Tribune: ""The deceased were on their way to Dhaka from Chapainawabganj, when an unidentified vehicle ran them over near the Hatia area.”

After being informed of the incident, police went to the spot and sent the injured to Tangail General Hospital. Meanwhile, the bodies were taken to the police station.

In Mirzapur upazila, a sexagenarian has been killed in a road accident on the Dhaka-Tangail highway.

The accident occurred near Ma CNG-gas Station in Bower Kumarjani village of the municipal area on Friday night.

Locals said Samad was run over by a bus heading to the northern region of the country when he was crossing the road.

He was declared dead on arrival by the on-duty doctor after locals took  him to Kumudini Hospital.

In Basail upazila, Majedur Rahman was killed after being hit by a speeding North Bengal-bound truck while crossing the Dhaka-Tangail Highway on Saturday.

Majedur, a construction worker, was rushed to Tangail General Hospital, where the on-duty doctor declared him dead.

He was the only earning member of a poverty-stricken family.

In Dhanbari upazila, Aminul was killed near the Nalhara area, when a Dhanbari-bound truck ran over the three-wheeler carrying him on Friday night.

Dhanbari police station Sub-Inspector Forhad Ali confirmed the matter on Saturday. A rickshaw rider has died and seven others have been injured after being struck by a tree which fell on a road in front of Shishu Academy near the capital’s Doel Chattar.

The deceased has been identified as the 23-year-old Mitu Ghosh.

The fatal accident occurred around 9pm on Friday when a roadside coconut tree suddenly collapsed and landed on the street, said Shahbagh Police OC Abul Hassan.

Eight people, including Mitu, were found injured at the spot and rushed to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where doctors declared her dead.

Her fiancé, Dhananjoy Ghosh, was also injured in the incident, added OC Abul Hasssan.

The seven injured people are currently receiving treatment at the hospital. But OC Hassan could not provide any further details about their present state.

The fallen tree has been removed from the road, said Mahfuzur Rahman Rigan, an official at the Fire Service control room. The incidents took place on Friday and Saturday

 
As many as 10 people have died and 26 others injured in seven separate road accidents in four districts of the country.

The incidents took place in Dhaka, Habiganj, Tangail and Chittagong on Friday and Saturday.

In Habiganj, a 10-year-old boy was killed after being run over by a sand-haulier tractor in sadar upazila’s Gopeya area around 6:30pm on Saturday.

Locals apprehended the tractor driver after the incident.

Habiganj Sadar model police station OC (Investigation) Ziaur Rahman said that legal action will be taken against the reckless driver.  

In Dhaka, two passengers were killed and 20 others injured in a head-on collision between two buses on the Dhaka-Aricha Highway in Dhamrai upazila around 2:45pm on Saturday.   

The deceased were identified as: Al Mamun, 24, and Kalu Miya, 27.

Golra Highway police station OC Lutfur Rahman said: “The injured have been admitted to separate hospitals and a case has been filed regarding the matter.”

In Tangail, five people died and six others were injured in separate road accidents in Kalihati, Mirzapur, Basail and Dhanbari upazilas.

The deceased were identified as: Mosharraf Hossain Musa, Syed Shahjamal, Samad Khan, 60, Aminul Islam, 29, and Majedur Rahman, 50.

The incidents took place on Friday night and early Saturday.

In Chittagong, a man and his son were killed when a covered van rammed their motorbike at Kadamtoli in Chittagong city around 11:45pm on Friday.

The deceased are grocery shop owner Md Sagir, 42, and Md Junayed, 12, a class five student of Agrabad Ganapurto Bidya Niketan School.

Double Mooring police station SI Md Jahir Hossain said that the accident took place in front of Dhonialapara mosque, killing both father and son on the spot. At least two people were killed and five others injured as an vehicle hit a microbus on the link road of the eastern side of Bangabandhu Bridge in Hatia of Tangail early Saturday.

One of the deceased, Syed Shah Jamal, is a lawyer and president of Chapainawabganj unit of Sushasoner Janya Nagorik (Shujan) and the other is the driver of the microbus.

Mosharraf Hossain, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge police station (east), said the accident took place around 4:00am.

“All the victims of the road accident are the passengers of the microbus,” he said.

The OC said they could not identify whether a private car, bus or truck hit the microbus.

The injured were admitted to Tangail General Hospital. Two workers were killed as a tractor overturned and fell into a ditch while climbing up a hill at Tungtungla in Lakkhichhara upazila on Sunday, reports UNB.


The deceased were identified as Meracha Marma, 35, son of Maolang Marma of Tuntunglapara area and Provat Chakma, 30, son of Samro Chakma of Bandarkata area in the same upazila.

Sub-inspector Md Khorshed of Lakkhichhara Police Station said the tractor carrying four people fell into a ditch after its driver lost his control around 2:30pm while climbing up a hill, leaving the duo dead on the spot. 

Two others also sustained injured, he added.

The bodies were handed over to the victims’ families, the SI added. Sagir Ahmed was returning home in Chattogram city's Mansurabad area on his motorbike on Friday night. His 10-year-old son Junaid was sitting on the pillion seat.

They could not have imagined that it would be their last ride.

After attending a wedding in MA Aziz Stadium area, they were passing through a road in Dhanialapara. All of a sudden, a lorry rammed their motorbike from the opposite direction, said police.

The accident happened around 11:45pm. The road was too narrow to pass through smoothly, said Zahir Hossain, inspector (investigation) of Double Mooring Police Station.

The lorry was not found on the spot after the accident.On information from locals, police rushed in and the 50-year-old man and his son ended up at Chattogram Medical College Hospital around 12:30am yesterday. 

The doctors said they were already dead.

Junaid was a fifth-grader of Ganopurto Bidya Niketan School in Mansurabad area.

In another accident in Tangail, two people lost their lives as a microbus they were travelling in hit another vehicle parked on Bangabandhu Bridge east link road in Kalihati area yesterday.

Six other passengers of the microbus were injured, said OC Mosharaf Hossain of Bangabandhu Bridge East Police Station.

Syed Shahjamal, general secretary of Chapainawabganj unit of Bangladesh Manabadhikar Commission; and Mosharaf Hossain Musa, the microbus driver, died on the spot.

Poor visibility due to dense fog might have caused the accident, the OC added. The injured were admitted to Tangail General Hospital.

Meanwhile, a bus ran over Samad Khan, 60, a timber trader, on Dhaka-Tangail highway in Baorkumarjani area of Tangail the same day, leaving him seriously injured, said locals.

He succumbed to his injuries at Kumudini Hospital.

Another two were killed and 20 others injured in a road accident in Dhamrai of Dhaka that day.

They were in two buses that collided head-on on Dhaka-Aricha highway in Bathuli bus stand area. The identities of the deceased could not be ascertained immediately, said Dipok Saha, officer in-charge of Dhamrai Police Station.

The injured were admitted to Dhamrai Upazila Health Complex and local clinics.

Both the vehicles were seized but drivers and their helpers fled the scene, said the OC. Two motorcyclist cousins were killed in a road accident at the Ershad Bridge point on the Rangpur-Badarganj road in Badarganj upazila in the district this afternoon, police said.

""The accident occurred when a Rangpur-bound picnic bus from Rajshahi hit the motorcycle carrying the tow cousins at the point killing both of them on the spot,"" said OC of Badarganj Thana Anisur Rahman. The deceased were identified as Shahin Ahmed, 21, son of Shamsul Haque and his paternal cousin Faruk Ahmed, 20, son of Raju Mian of village Madhupur Dolapara (Kazipara) in Badarganj upazila.

The accident occurred while the deceased youths were returning home from Badarganj Bazar by motorcycle after purchasing kitchen goods there.""We have seized the killer bus and a case was filed in this connection with Badarganj Thana police,"" the OC said, adding that driver and helper of the bus fled from the scene soon after the accident. At least six people were killed and 23 others were injured in separate road accidents in Dhaka, Cumilla, Dhaka, Jashore and Khulna.

In Dhaka, a transport worker was crushed in between two running buses at Janapod intersection in Jatrabari.

The deceased was identified as Swapan, 30, a line man of a bus.

In-charge of Dhaka Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) Bachchu Mia said around 6 am Swapan sustained severe injuries after being crushed in between two buses.

He was rushed to DMCH and later succumbed to his injuries around 1 pm.

The body was sent to morgue for autopsy.

In Cumilla, two people were killed and 20 others injured after a bus collided head-on with a mini-bus at Baniapara area on the Dhaka-Chattogram Highway in Daudkandi Upazila.

The identities of the deceased were not available immediately.

Officer-in-Charge of Daudkandi Highway Police Station Abul Kalam Azad said a Feni-bound bus of 'Jatriseba Paribahan' hit a mini-bus, killing two people on the spot.

The injured were taken to Gouripur Hospital and Dhaka Medical College Hospital.

In Savar, an Assistant Sub-Inspector of Ashulia Police Station was killed and three others, including two constables, were injured after a rod-laden truck collided head-on with a police van in the early hours at Ghoshbagh area of Tongi-EPZ road in Ashulia.

The deceased ASI was identified as Jashim Uddin, 28, son of Moksed Chaprashi of sadar upazila of Madaripur and the injured were- police van driver Dulal Mia, constables Anik Ahmed and Nazmul Huda.

Officer-in-Charge of Ashulia Police Station Rizaul haque Dipu said four policemen were injured in the road crash. Doctors pronounced ASI Jashim dead when he was taken to hospital.

They seized the truck but its driver and his assistant managed to flee, he said.

In Jashore, a human-hauler overturned after hit a tree at Jatrapur ground area of Chaugachha Upazila around midnight, killing a schoolboy.

The deceased was identified as Abu Musa, 13, son of Muktar Ali of Hazipur village of the upazila.

Victim's father said that Musa was returning home after attending a religious gathering at Jatrapur village.

Locals rushed him to Upazila Health Complex where doctors pronounced him dead.

In Khulna, a health assistant was killed as a truck hit his motor-cycle at Narnia area of Jashore-Chuknagar road in Dumuria upazila.

The deceased was identified as Zahidul Islam, 40, health assistant of a Health Centre in Keshabpur and resident of Sufolakathi union of the upazila.

Superintendent of Police Md Anisur Rahman said Zahidul was going to Chuknagar while he lost control and collided with a truck around 11:30am. Three people, including two physicians, were killed when a bus hit a private car on Khulna-Jashore road in Phultola Upazila on Monday.

The deceased were identified as Shahadat Hossain, 62, a retired physician of Phultala Upazila Health Complex, and Moazzem, 60, retired physician of Khulna Medical College Hospital, and private car driver Jahangir Hossain, 40.Phultola Police Station Officer-in-Charge Monirul Islam said the accident took place around 3:45pm when a bus of ‘Garai Paribahan’ from Kushtia hit a Khulna-bound private car, killing the trio on the spot.

Police recovered the bodies and sent them to a local hospital for autopsy. A student of International Islamic University Chittagong (IIUC) was killed as a truck ploughed through a mosque in Banur Bazar area in Sitakundu upazila on Monday morning, reports UNB.


The deceased was identified as Faridul Islam, 25, son of late Nur Mohammad, hailing from Chakaria upazila in Cox’s Bazar and a fifth semester student of Quaranic Science Department of the university.

Ahsan Habib, officer-in-charge of Baroaulia Highway Police said the truck driver lost control over the steering and ploughed Baitul Aman Jam-e-mosque, leaving  Faridul, who was coming out of the mosque after saying his Fazr prayers, dead.

On information, police recovered the body and seized the truck. With reckless driving, violation of traffic rules as well as operation of unfit vehicles continuing, eight fatal road accidents took place across the country yesterday, killing 11 people and injuring 46, according to reports from our correspondents.

In Khulna, three people were killed as a car and a bus collided head-on on Khulna-Jashore highway in Raripara area of Phultala upazila.

The deceased are: Dr Moyazzem Hossain, owner of Cure Home General Hospital; Sahadat Hossain, resident surgeon of Gazi Medical College Hospital; and Zahangir Hossain, the car driver.

Md Monirul Islam, officer-in-charge of Phultala Police Station, told The Daily Star that the accident occurred around 4pm.

Police seized the bus but its driver managed to flee.In another accident, biker Zahidul Islam, 40, a health assistant of Bharat Bhaiyana Union Health Centre was killed as a truck hit him from behind on Jashore-Chuknagar road in Narania area of Dumuria upazila.

Zahidul, from Adoya Narayanpur village in Keshabpur upazila, died on the spot, said Aminul Islam Biplob, officer-in-charge of Dumuria Police Station.

In Cumilla, two people were killed and 20 others injured after a bus hit a minibus from behind on Dhaka-Chattogram highway in Baniapara of Daudkandi upazila

Sujon Debnath, 20, from Chinamura Daudkandi; and Delwar Hossain, 38, from Gazaria in Munshiganj, died on the spot, said police.

The injured were sent to a local health complex and Dhaka Medical College Hospital. 

In Chattogram, a university student was killed as he was crushed against a wall by truck in Bhatiari upazila.

Faridul Alam, 24, from Raipur in Cox's Bazar, was a fifth semester student of the Quranic science department at International Islamic University Chittagong, said Ahsan Habib, officer-in-charge of Baro Awlia highway police.

The accident occurred while Faridul was crossing a road, the OC quoted locals as saying.

Police detained the truck driver.

In Sylhet, a six-year-old child was killed and 22 injured as a bus plunged into a roadside ditch in Kotalpur area of Kanaighat upazila.

The deceased is Tasmia, daughter of Samir Ali from Kajalshar area of Zakiganj upazila, said police.

Seven of the injured were taken to Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital while the rest to Zakiganj Upazila Health Complex, hospital sources said.

In Savar, Joshim Uddin, 28, an assistant sub-inspector of Ashulia Police Station, was killed and three of his colleagues were injured as a pickup carrying them hit a parked truck on Dhaka-Tangail highway in Narshanghopur area of Ashulia.

The injured -- Dulal Talukder, Anik and Nazmul -- were admitted to a local hospital, said police.

Inspector (investigation) Javed Masud said the four were going back to the police station after duty.

In Dinajpur, a motorbike rider was killed and another injured as a truck hit them in Parbatipur upazila.

Shahinur Alam, 40, from Haldibari (Dolapara) village in Parbatipur died instantly.

In Kishoreganj, an elderly man was killed as a motorbike he was riding collided with a battery-run auto-rickshaw on Astagram-Bajitpur road in Saburer Khal area of Astagram upazila.

Nasu Bhuiyan, 60, from Kalapara village was declared dead at Astagram Upazila Health Complex, said Sumon Sarker, officer-in-charge (investigation) of Astagram Police Station. Police on Tuesday arrested a bus driver, the main accused in a case filed over a road accident that killed 11 people at the Sadar Upazila last year.

The accused, Mamunur Rashid Mamun, 19, was the driver of Enterprise Paribahan and a resident of Khulna.

Tetulia Highway Police Officer-in-Charge Enamul Haque said they arrested Mamun from Jagadal Bazar in Sadar Upazila.

On October 26, 2018, a bus collided head-on with a truck carrying electric poles, killing 11 people. Mamun has been on the run since then.

Police filed a case accusing Mamun, 19, and truck driver Razib, 38, two days later. On October 26, 2018, a bus collided head-on with a truck carrying electric poles, killing 11 people

 
Police on Tuesday arrested a bus driver, the prime accused in a case filed for a road accident that killed 11 people in the Sadar upazila last year.

The accused, Mamunur Rashid Mamun, 19, was the driver of Bhai-Bon Enterprise Paribahan and a resident of Khulna.

Tetulia Highway Police OC Enamul Haque said they apprehended Mamun in Jagdal Bazar of Sadar upazila.

On October 26, 2018, a bus collided head-on with a truck carrying electric poles, killing 11 people. 

Police filed a case accusing Mamun, 19, and truck driver Razib, 38, two days later.

Mamun and Razib had been on the run following the incident, the OC added, saying the police are now trying to arrest the remaining fugitive.
 An elderly man was killed as a bus rammed his bi-cycle on Rajshahi-Chapainawabganj highway in Godagari municipal area on Tuesday morning.

The deceased was identified as Lokman, 50.

Jahangir Alam, officer-in-charge of Godagari Model Police Station, said that the accident took place around 10:30am when a Dhaka-bound bus of ‘Grameen Travels’ hit the bi-cycle riding by Lokman, leaving him critically injured.

Later, he was rushed to Godagari Upazila Hospital where doctors declared him dead. Two people were killed and six others injured after a bus hit a human hauler on Dhaka-Narayanganj road in Fatullah on Wednesday.

Police named deceased as Awal, 50 and Ali Hossain, 42.

The accident took place around 9:50am when a Dhaka-bound bus crashed into the human hauler, Manjur Quader, officer-in-charge of Fatullah Police Station, said.

Two passengers of the human hauler were killed on the spot and six others were injured.

Police recovered the bodies and sent them to a local hospital morgue.

The bus driver has been arrested. The accidents took place in Comilla, Satkhira, Brahmanbaria, Gaibandha, and Narayanganj

 
At least eight people were killed in separate road crashes in four districts across the country on Wednesday.

Comilla

Three pedestrians were killed by a covered van in an accident on the Dhaka-Chittagong highway in the Kutumbapur area of Chandina upazila in the district.

The deceased were identified as Kazi Rafiqul Islam, 60, Mohoram Ali, son of late Zillur Rahman, and Abdul Matin, 65, residents of Kutumbapur village.

Inspector Md Monirul Islam, in-charge of Eliotganj highway police outpost, said the accident took place when the driver of the Dhaka-bound covered van lost control of the steering wheel and ran over the three pedestrians on the highway, leaving them dead on the spot.

Police seized the covered van and detained driver Dudu Mia from the spot.

Narayanganj

According to UNB reports, two people were killed and six others injured after a bus hit a human hauler on the Dhaka-Narayanganj road in Fatullah of the district.

The deceased were identified as Awal, 50, and Ali Hossain, 42.

The accident took place around 9:50am when a Dhaka-bound bus crashed into the human hauler, Manjur Quader, officer-in-charge of Fatullah police station, said.

Two passengers of the human hauler were killed on the spot and six others were injured.

Police recovered the bodies and sent them to a local hospital morgue.

Satkhira

An elderly man was killed when a truck ran over him in front of New market in Kaliganj upazila of Satkhira district.

The deceased was identified as  Noor Islam,74, son of Sheikh Ebadulla in the upazila.

Kaliganj police station Officer-in-Charge, Md Rajib Hossain, said the accident took place when a truck hit Noor Islam in the area while he was going home on his bicycle. He died on the spot.

Brahmanbaria 

A primary schoolboy was killed in an accident on the Comilla-Sylhet highway in Brahmanbaria Sadar upazila.

The deceased was identified as Zunayed Mian, student of Suhilpur Government Primary School.

Brahmanbaria Sadar police station Officer-in-Charge, Ziaul Haque, said a passenger bus ran over Zunayed on the highway, leaving him dead on the spot as he was crossing the road.

Gaibandha

An auto-van driver was killed when a truck loaded with sugarcane rammed the vehicle on the Dhaka-Rangpur highway in Palashbari upazila of Gaibandha district.

The deceased was identified as Khaza Mian, 65, son of Sabuj Mian of Idilpur village in the upazila.

Palashbari police station Officer-in-Charge, Mostafizur Rahman, said the accident took place when the truck hit the battery-run van in the area, leaving Khaza dead on the spot and four injured. Three pedestrians were crushed under a covered van on Dhaka-Chittagong highway in Kutumbapur area in Chandina upazila on Wednesday.

The deceased were identified as Kazu Rafiqul Islam, 60, Mohoram Ali, son of late Zillur Rahman and Abdul Matin, 65, residents of Kutumbapur village.

Inspector Md Monirul Islam, in-charge of Eliatganj highway police outpost, said that the accident took place as the driver of the Dhaka-bound covered van lost control over the steering and ran over the three pedestrians on the highway, leaving them dead on the spot.

Police seized the covered van and detained driver Dudu Mia from the spot. An elderly man was killed as a bus rammed his bi-cycle on Rajshahi-Chapainawabganj highway in Godagari municipal area on Tuesday morning. The deceased was identified as Lokman, 50. 

Jahangir Alam, officer-in-charge of Godagari Model Police Station, said that the accident took place around 10:30am when a Dhaka-bound bus of 'Grameen Travels' hit the bi-cycle riding by Lokman, leaving him critically injured. Later, he was rushed to Godagari Upazila Hospital where doctors declared him dead."
