"","x"
"1","An Indian woman has died after her scarf got caught in the wheel of an auto-rickshaw in Rajshahi’s Godagari Upazila.  Sudana Begum, 68, was visiting her daughter’s house in Bangladesh and died in the accident Sona Dighi area on Thursday. 

She hailed from Bhagabangola in West Bengal’s Murshidabad district, said Rajpara Police Station OC Hafizur Rahman. 
 
Sudana was returning from a visit to a relative’s house on her son-in-law’s vehicle when she suddenly fell. Her ‘Orna’ or scarf got tangled with a wheel, said the OC. 
 
“She was taken to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital where she died during treatment.” 
 
The body has been taken to hospital morgue and it will be handed over to her family after the end of the autopsy and other formalities, he added. 
 A seven-year-old schoolgirl was crushed to death by a bus on Sylhet-Fenchuganj road at Dharampur village in South Surma upazila on Friday.

The deceased was identified as Jahan Mahia, a Class-II student and daughter of Md Helal Ahmed of Gopalgaon village in the upazila. 

Witnesses said the Kulaura-bound bus hit the minor girl at the place around 2pm soon after she got down from a human hauler, leaving her dead on the spot.

Later, police recovered the body from the spot and handed it over to family members. A bicyclist was killed as a truck hit him after being chased by police at Shantir Mor in the district town on Friday night, reports UNB.


The deceased was identified as Shafiqul Islam.    

T M Mozahidul Islam, superintendent of Chapainawabganj, said that on secret information that the truck was carrying a consignment of Phensidyl, a team of Detective branch of police tried to stop it at Rasulpur in Shibganj upazila.

But the truck driver fled ignoring the signal.

Later, the team again tried to halt the truk at Shantir Mor.

When, the truck driver was trying to flee with the truck, it ploughed through a shop and hit the bicycle, leaving Shafiqul critically injured.

Later, Shafiqul died on way to hospital.

Police seized 500 bottles of phensidyl from the truck and arrested  truck driver Ariful. At least four people, including a student of Government Titumir College, were killed in separate road crashes in Dhaka, Manikganj and Chattogram on Saturday.

In Dhaka, a day laborer died after falling from a running truck in Jatrabari area around 6:30am.
    
The deceased was identified as Niranjan, 26, resident of Ranimahal area of Demra.

Fellow workers rushed him to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where doctors pronounced him dead.

Meanwhile, a transport worker was crushed under the wheels of a truck while crossing road near Gabtoli Bus Terminal around 5:30am.

The deceased was identified as Belal Hossain, 35, supervisor of Bosumoti Paribahan and resident of Bagbari area in Gaptoli.

Doctors at DMCH pronounced him dead after he was taken there, DMCH police outpost in-charge Bachchu Mia said.

In Manikganj, Farid Hossain, a third-year student of Titumir College, died after his motorcycle hit a roadside bridge at Kherupara area of Harirampur upazila.

Officer-in-charge of Harirampur Police Station Aminur Rahman said Farid and his friend Akash were severely injured in the accident.

Farid succumbed to his injuries when being taken to the hospital. Akash was admitted to Manikganj General Hospital.

In Chattogram, a man was killed and another injured after a bus overturned at Banigram village of Banskhali upazila around 3pm.

The identity of the deceased was not available immediately, said Assistant Sub-Inspector Shilbrata Barua of Chittagong Medical College Hospital police outpost. An elderly man was killed in a road accident at Borodadpur village in Gomostapur upazila on Sunday.

The deceased was identified Moslem Uddin, 70, a resident of Mohadanga village in Porsha upazila.

Sub-inspector Bazlur Rahman of Gomostapur Police Station said that the accident took place around 8 am when a picnic bus hit a human hauler on which Moslem were travelling, leaving him dead on the spot.

Police recovered the body from the spot, he added. The youngest victim was five years old

 
Three have been killed in  accidents in Jessore, Gopalganj, and Jamalpur.

A five-year-old boy has been killed and at least 14 others have been injured in a road accident in Srirampur under Keshabpur upazila of Jessore.

A bus of picnickers, carrying 50 passengers—travelling to Mongla from Agardari—lost control near the Srirampur area of the district and crashed into a fish farm around 8am on Monday.

Seven of the injured were admitted to the Upazila Health Complex and others received primary treatment at local clinics.

Confirming the matter to the Dhaka Tribune, Azizur Rahman, member of the Trimohini Union Parisahd under Keshabpur upazila said: ""The bus was carrying 50 men, women, and children. 

""When the bus crashed into the fish farm, locals rushed to the rescue of the victims. We were able to rescue everyone alive, except the child.""

When contacted, Keshabpur police station Officer-in-Charge Mohammad Shahin said: ""A child named Sabbir has died in the accident. 

""We are trying to rescue the bus from where it crashed. Necessary steps will be taken upon further investigation."" 

In Gopalganj, a motorcyclist was killed, and another injured, in a road accident in the district's Raghunathpur area, around 8am.

The deceased has been identified as Tariqul Islam, 23.

Confirming the matter to the Dhaka Tribune, Gopalganj Sadar Police Station Officer-in-Charge Mohammad Monirul Islam said: ""The driver—along with his friend on the motorcycle's back seat—lost control and hit a tree. Locals rushed to the scene to rescue them.

""They both were taken to the Gopalganj General Hospital where the on-duty doctor declared Tariqul dead.""

In Jamalpur, a microbus driver was killed in a road accident when the microbus lost control and careened over a bridge in the district's Gunartila area under Madarganj upazila.

The deceased has been identified as Md Ruhul Amin, 40.

Confirming the matter to the Dhaka Tribune, Madarganj police station Officer-in-Charge Mohammad Rafiqul Islam said: ""The microbus driver was killed in the accident. The other 13 passengers were rescued alive. 

""We have yet to retrieve the microbus which is completely submerged under water in the Jharkata River."" A covered van driver was killed and two other people were injured when a bus hit the vehicle on Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Amjad Bazar in Chouddogram upazila on Monday morning.

The deceased was identified as Tarek Hossain, son of late Dulal Miah, hailing from Laxmipur district.

Police said that the accident took place around 11:30 am when the Feni-bound ‘Star Line Paribahan’ hit the covered van from behind, leaving the driver dead on the spot and two other people injured. A road accident has killed one person on the spot and injured another at the capital’s Baridhara.

The incident was reported near from the entrance gate of Bashundhara Residential Area around 1.30am on Wednesday (Mar 6), said police.

The deceased has been identified as 23-year-old Shakib Chowdhury Turjo, a student of North South University.

“Turjo and his cousin Rangan were going to one of their relative’s house with a private car as the marriage ceremony of their elder brother is scheduled to be held on Wednesday,"" said Gulshan police Sub-Inspector Md Al Helal.

""On the way the car lost control and rammed into a roadside electric pillar leaving Turjo dead on the spot,” he added.

“Rangan was seriously injured and is admitted to Apollo Hospital,” said Helal.

“The body of the deceased has been kept at the hospital,” he added. Three people including a North South University student were killed and another was injured in separate road accidents in Gulshan, Bongshal and Amin Bazar areas of Dhaka today.

In Gulshan, an NSU student died when he lost control of the private car he was driving and hit an electric pole while giving side to a truck in Nodda area around 2:00am last night, Officer-in-Charge of Gulshan Police Station Abu Bakar Siddiq told The Daily Star.

The deceased was identified as Sakib Chowdhury, 23, a third-year student of NSU, the official said.

Sakib’s cousin, who was also inside the car, was injured in the incident and is being treated at Apollo Hospital in Dhaka.

Abdur Rahman, 40, a helper of a covered van was crushed under the wheels of a sand-laden truck in Alubazar area of Bongshal around 4:00am, Bacchu Miah, inspector of the Dhaka Medical College Hospital Police outpost, told The Daily Star. Meanwhile, a pick-up van driver was injured after a Mirpur-bound van overturned in Bhanga Bridge area of Aminbazar, on the outskirts of the capital, in the early hours today.

Driver Mainuddin, 30, was taken to DMCH where doctors declared him dead around 3:00am, Bacchu Miah said. At least two people were killed and five others injured when a bus rammed a pick-up van on Dhaka-Aricha highway at Mashuria in Shibalaya upazila on Wednesday night.

The identities of the deceased could not be known yet.

The accident took place around 8 pm when the bus hit the pick-up van heading towards Tepra Bus Stand, leaving two killed on the spot and five others injured.

The injured were taken to local hospital. Two people have been killed, and eight injured, in a road accident on the Khulna-Bagerhat highway.

The incident occurred near Khan Jahan Ali's shrine in the early hours of Friday (Mar 8).

The deceased have been identified as 40-year-old Goribullah and 22-year-old Kibria.

Confirming the matter to the Bangla Tribune, Bagerhat Fire Service Deputy Assistant Director Sardar Masudur Rahman said, “A Gorai Paribahan bus, carrying picnickers from Tribeni village, crashed into a parked truck on the Khulna-Bagerhat highway.”

“The bus suffered severe damage because of the collision, leaving Goribullah dead on the spot. Three fire service units from Bagerhat and Khulna responded to the scene to conduct a search and rescue operation. The injured have been sent to Bagerhat Sadar Hospital.”

“Another passenger, Kibria, died while undergoing treatment at the hospital. Among the injured, the condition of Bashir, 40, Amirul Islam, 40, Rasel, 23, and Ariful, 22, is critical,” added Rahman.

“They have shifted from Bagerhat Sadar Hospital to Khulna Medical College Hospital (KMCH) for better treatment. The deceased and injured passengers hail from Tribeni village under Shailkupa upazila of Jhenaidah,” he added. A woman riding pillion with her husband died moments after their motorcycle crashed into a speeding truck in Dakpara area here on Friday night.

The deceased was identified as Joyeeta Tasnia, 24, wife of Md Wahed of Chawkbazar area in the city.

The accident took place when a speeding truck hit their motorcycle around 10 pm while they were returning home, leaving her dead on the spot, said Sub-inspector Rafiqul Islam of Keraniganj Model Police Station.

On information, police seized the truck, he said adding that the body was sent to Mitford Hospital for autopsy. A woman was killed and three other people were injured in as a bus crashed into a human-hauler on Barishal-Patuakhali highway in Rupatoli area on Saturday morning, reports UNB.


The deceased was identified as Renu Begum, 50, wife of Rouf Hawlader, a resident of 25 no ward of Rupatoli area.

Sub-inspector Mostafizur Rahman of Kotwali Model Police station said that the accident took place around 9am when the Patuakhali-bound bus collided with the human hauler, leaving its four passenger injured.

The injured were taken to Barishal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital where doctors declared her dead. At least eight people were killed and nine others injured in separate road accidents in Barishal, Dinajpur, Narail, Bogura and Dhaka districts.

In Barishal, a woman was killed and three other people were injured in as a bus crashed into a human-hauler on Barishal-Patuakhali highway in Rupatoli area on Saturday morning.

The deceased was identified as Renu Begum, 50, wife of Rouf Hawlader, a resident of 25 no ward of Rupatoli area.

Sub-inspector Mostafizur Rahman of Kotwali Model Police station said that the accident took place around 9am when the Patuakhali-bound bus collided with the human hauler, leaving its four passenger injured.

The injured were taken to Barishal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital where doctors declared her dead.

In Dinajpur, a college teacher was crushed under the wheels of a truck at Kolabari of Ghorashal Upazila.
  
The deceased was identified as Anwar Hossain Ujjal, 32, lecturer of Raniganj Mohila College. Agitated locals seized the truck and handed it over to police.

In Narail, two friends were killed and another injured as a truck collided head on with a motorcycle carrying them in Bagudanga Bottala area of Kalia-Chapail road in Kalia upazila.

The deceased were identified as Biplob Ghosh, 15, and his friend Shanto Biswash, 15, of Jogania village of the upazila.

Officer-in-charge of Noragoti Police Station Md Alamgir Kabir confirmed the matter.

In Bogura, a car collided head-on with an auto-rickshaw killing three people and injuring five others.

The deceased were identified as Shamol Sohon, 55, Afzal Hossain, 45, and Shahidul Islam, 65.

Officer-in-charge of Adamdighi Police Station Monirul Islam said the accident injured eight people and three among them succumbed to their injuries on the way to hospital.

In Dhaka, a man was killed as a speeding bus run over him in front of Sayedabad Bus Terminal in the afternoon. 

The accident took place when the persons was crossing the road, leaving him critically injured around 4 pm, said DMCH police camp in-charge Inspector Bachchu Mia. 

Later he was taken to DMCH where the doctors declared him dead, he added. The accidents took place in Bogra, Narail, Bandarban, Barisal and  Dinajpur.

 
At least nine people were killed and several others injured in separate road accidents in five districts of the country on Saturday.

The accidents took place in Bogra, Narail, Bandarban, Barisal and  Dinajpur.

Bogra

Three people were killed and five others injured when car collided head-on with an auto-rickshaw in the Murail Bazar area under Adamdighi upazila.

The deceased were identified as Shamol Saha, 55, CNG driver Afzal Hossain, 45, and Shahidul Islam, 65.

Officer-in-Charge of Adamdighi police station Monirul Islam said the accident took place when a private car travelling from Naogaon  collided head-on with the CNG, leaving Afzal dead on the spot and seven other injured.

Shamol and Shahidul died after being taken to the upazila health complex.

Barisal

A woman was killed and three others injured when a bus crashed into a human-hauler on the Barisal-Patuakhali highway in Rupatoli in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Renu Begum, 50.

Sub-Inspector Mostafizur Rahman of Kotwali Model police station said  the accident took place around 9am, when a Patuakhali-bound bus collided head on with the human hauler, leaving four of its passenger injured.

The injured were taken to Barishal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital, where doctors declared Renu dead.

Dinajpur

A college teacher was killed after being run over by a truck in the Kolabari area of Ghoraghat upazila.

 The deceased was identified as Anwar Hossain Ujjal, 32. He was a lecturer at Raniganj Mohila College. 

According to police sources, agitated locals seized the truck and handed it over to police.

Narail

Two people were killed and another injured when a truck collided head on with the motorcycle carrying them on Kalia-Chapail road, in the Bagudanga Bottala area of Kalia upazila.

The deceased were identified as Biplob Ghosh and Shanto Biswash. Both were 15 years old.

Officer-in-Charge of Noragoti police station Md Alamgir Kabir confirmed the matter.

Bandarban

Two people were killed in separate road accidents in Thanchi and Alikadam upazilas. 

The deceased were identified as Sakib Al Hasan, 5,  and Renchu Mro ,40.

According to locals, Sakib was playing on the side of the Alikadam-Fashiakhali road in the afternoon when a pickup van hit him, leaving him critically injured.

He succumbed his injuries after being taken to Alikadam Upazila Health Complex, said Alikadam police station OC Azmir Hossain.

Meanwhile, Renchu Mro died when a wood laden truck hit him in the Dodongpara area of Thanchi upazila.

Thanchi police station Officer-in-Charge Aminul Haque confirmed the incident. Road safety cannot be ensured only by enforcing law, rather safety of other components of the transport sector must be ensured, said experts and lawyers yesterday.

Terming drivers “soft target” in the event of a road accident, they said blaming only the drivers will not bring any result unless others involved in the sector are also brought to book.

They were speaking at a daylong conference on “Transport, Law and Policy”, organised by Bangladesh Institute of Law and International Affairs (BILIA) at its auditorium in the capital's Dhanmondi.

In his introductory speech, Shahdeen Malik, honorary director of BILIA, said problem in the transport sector is one of the most discussed issues in current time.

Different media reported that more than 7,000 people were killed in road crashes last year, but the actual number may be much higher, he said. In many cases, he said, after an accident, people demand execution of drivers and helpers and go on rampage. “The more society becomes undemocratic and savage, the more people will seek solution through punishment… I'm also part of that society,” he said. He said the Road Transport Act-2018 was passed amid huge public outcry but even after five months, the act has not been brought into force.

Even officials of the road transport and bridges ministry, with whom they contacted, were unaware that a separate gazette notification was required to determine when the law will come into action, he added.

Prof Mizanur Rahman, director of Accident Research Institute (ARI) at Buet, said there are some good aspects and some grey areas in the Road Transport Act.

“We have to ensure safe roads and roadsides,” he said, adding, “If you construct a road keeping elements of accidents in road design, then blaming drivers for the accidents won't yield anything,” he said.

Terming three-wheelers unsafe, Deputy Inspector General (highway police) Atiqul Islam said such vehicles are mainly responsible for road crashes.

There are some 12-14 lakh unregistered three-wheelers in the country, he said. Such vehicles have no protection, and when those ply the highways, the risk of accidents escalates.

He, however, said number of road accidents on highways decreased in last few years.

Gonoshasthaya Kendra founder Zafrullah Chowdhury emphasised teaching children about road usage and traffic rules. He called upon the authorities to make laws pro-people.

Kazi Saifun Newaz, assistant professor at ARI, and Supreme Court lawyer Ainun Nahar Siddiqua Lipi also spoke at the programme, where eight papers were presented mostly by university teachers and lawyers. At least three people were killed and two others injured in separate incidents of road crashes in Munshiganj and Jashore districts on Sunday.

In Munshiganj, two people were killed and two others injured when a bus ploughed through a shop beside Dhaka-Mawa Highway at Chandrabari in Louhajang upazila in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Abdur Rahman Sheikh, 70 and Parash Ali Dewan 65 of Purba Shimulia village in the upazila.

The accident took place around 8:45 am when the bus ploughed through the shop of construction materials, leaving two killed on the spot and two others injured, said Manir Hossain, officer-in-charge of Louhajang Police Station.

The injured were taken to Srinagar Upazila Health Complex.

In Jashore, Newaz Hossain, son of Mintu, was killed when a bus of ‘Shohag Paribahan’ knocked down him in front of Sarothi Mills in Sadar upazila on Sunday.

The bus was taken in the area for cleaning and Newaz met the tragic incident while he was getting down from it hurriedly, said a relative of the victim. Death of primary school student after being hit by a pick-up van on Satkhira-Kaliganj road sparked protests at Sokhipur in Debhata upazila on Monday morning.

The deceased was identified as Jyoti, 6, daughter of Humayn Kabir, a resident of Sokhipur village in Debhata upazila and a class I student of Sokhipur Dighirpar Government Primary School.

Biplab Kumar Saha, officer-in-charge of Debhata Police Station, said that the accident took place around 8 am as the pick-up van hit Jyoti while she was crossing the road for going to school, leaving her dead on the spot.

Protesting the accident, local people blocked the road and staged demonstrations.

On information, police rushed in and brought the situation under control.

Police also detained the driver Babu, 36, son of Moktar Ali of Sadar upazila. A schoolgirl has been run over and killed by a pick-up truck in Satkhira’s Debhata while on her way to school. Locals blocked the road for two hours to protests the death of the child.

The accident took place around 9:00 am on Monday at Sakhipur Village, said Debhata Police Station chief Biplab Kumar Saha.

The victim, 6-year-old Jyoti, was the daughter of Humayun Kabir from Sakhipur and a student in first grade at Sakhipur’s Dighirparh Government Primary School.

“A Kaliganj-bound pick-up van ran over Jyoti as she was crossing the street on her way to school. She died on the scene,” said the OC.

Locals blocked the Satkhira-Munshiganj Highway as news spread, demanding the arrest of the driver. Police detained the driver and the van after the accident was reported.

The protest dispersed around 11:00 am after the demonstrators learned the driver had been arrested. The driver of a three-wheeler was killed and another injured after being hit by a bus at Trimohoni in Belkuchi upazila of the district.

The deceased was identified as Abdul Kuddus Bhuiyan, 45, three-wheeler driver and son of late Riaz Uddin of Rajapur village in Belkuchi upazila.

Officer-in-charge of Belkuchi Police Station Anwarul Islam said a bus of ‘AS Paribahan’ hit the Kuddus, leading him dead of the sport.

However, police could not arrest anyone as the bus driver fled the scene along with his vehicle immediately after the incident, said the OC. A man was killed and 15 others injured when a bus plunged into a roadside ditch on Dhaka-Aricha highway at Dhulondi in Ghior upazila on Thursday midnight.

The identity of the deceased could not be known immediately.

Yeamin Uddoulla, officer-in-charge of highway police, said the accident took place around 12 am when a bus of ‘Green Line Paribahan’ fell into the roadside ditch while giving side to another bus, leaving its helper killed on the spot and 15 others injured.

Of the injured, two were shifted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital following deterioration of their condition. Three motorcyclists were killed as their vehicle crashed into a roadside tree at Osmanpur in Mirsharai upazila on Thursday noon.

The deceased were identified as Arif Hosain, 20, son of Nurul Afsar, Ismail Hossain, 22, son of Muslim Uddin and Mehedi Hasan, 28, son of Shah Alam.

Md Iftekhar Hasan, officer-in-charge of Jorarganj Police Station, said motorbike crashed into the tree around 12:30 pm, leaving two riders dead on the spot and another injured.

Later, the injured died on the way to Chittagong Medical College and Hospital. Three people were killed after a truck hit a pick-up van on Dhaka-Aricha Highway at Nayadingi in Saturia upazila on Friday.

The deceased were identified as pick-up van driver Chan Mia, 28, from Rangpur, Zillur Rahmn, 30, and Hamidur Rahman, 30, of Jashore’s Keshabpur Upazila.

Highway police said the accident took place around 7:30am when the goods-laden truck hit the pick-up van transporting poultry, killing two on the spot and injuring the driver.

Chan Mia succumbed to this injuries when he was being taken to Manikganj District Hospital, said Lutfur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Golra highway Police. Three people were killed in a road accident in Manikganj this morning as a pick-up van collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction on Dhaka-Aricha highway.

The incident took place around 6:45am in front of Nayadinghy Rising Factory in Saturia upazila, reports our Manikganj correspondent quoting AKM Mamun, sub-inspector of Golora Highway Police Station.

The deceased were identified as the pick-up van’s driver Mansur Ali, 25, his helper Habibur Rahman, 20, and a passenger Zillur Rahman, 27.

Habibur and Zillur died on the spot while Mansur Ali succumbed to his injuries while he was being taken to Dhaka for treatment. The identities of the deceased have not yet been determined

 
Two passengers of a pick-up van have been killed, and its driver has been injured, in a road accident in Manikganj. 

A goods-laden truck collided with the vehicle in Noyadingi area around 7am on Friday.

The identities of the deceased have not yet been determined till the filing of this report. 

Golra Highway Police Station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Lutfur Rahman said: “The accident occurred when a truck and pick-up van, carrying poultry, collided head-on—on Dhaka-Aricha Highway—leaving the duo dead on the spot.”

“The injured driver of the pick-up van was admitted to hospital in critical condition. Meanwhile, the truck driver and helper managed to flee the scene following the incident,” he added. A woman was killed and three others were injured when a bus hit a van on Khulna-Satkhira road in Dumuria Upazila's Chuknagar on Thursday night. The deceased was identified as Fatima Begum, 44, daughter of Abdul Barik of Jashore. The accident took place around 8am when the Khulna-bound bus from Satkhira hit the van, carrying four people, killing one on the spot, said Abdul Baten, assistant sub-inspector of Chuknagar Highway Police.
 Three people were killed after a truck hit a pick-up van on Dhaka-Aricha Highway at Nayadingi in Saturia upazila on Friday. The deceased were identified as pick-up van driver Chan Mia, 28, from Rangpur, Zillur Rahmn, 30, and Hamidur Rahman, 30, of Jashore's Keshabpur Upazila. Highway police said the accident took place around 7:30am when the goods-laden truck hit the pick-up van transporting poultry, killing two on the spot and injuring the driver. Chan Mia succumbed to the injuries when he was being taken to Hospital., said Lutfur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Golra highway Police. The students, who were stating demonstration protesting the death of one of their fellows in a road crash in Dhaka’s Pragati Sarani, have called for countrywide class boycott programme tomorrow.

Abrar Ahmed, a student of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) was killed after a bus ran him over at Nodda near Dhaka’s Bashundhara Residential area this morning, sparking heavy protest among the students and locals.After withdrawing today’s demonstration and road blockade this evening, they called for boycotting classes in all the educational institutions across the country tomorrow to press for their eight-point demand, including maximum punishment of the bus driver responsible for the death, UNB reports.

""We urge the students of all educational institutions to boycott their classes on Wednesday and express their solidarity with us taking position in front of their respective institutions,"" Maisha Noor, a student of BUP, said while announcing the programme.


Abrar, who used to live in Bashundhara Residential Area, was crossing the Pragati Sarani Road when a bus of Shuprovat Paribahan ran him over around 7:30am, said Sub-inspector of Gulshan Police Station Sinthia Akter.

He died on the spot, the police official said adding that police seized the bus and arrested its diver Sirajul Islam.Quoting witnesses, Muin Mostadi, a fourth-year student of the BUP, told The Daily Star that Abrar was crossing the road using the zebra crossing, but the bus hit him while it was racing with another one. The sign of blood was seen on the zebra crossing, our staff correspond reports from the spot.

Protesting the death, hundreds of protesters, mostly students of BUP and other nearby universities, took to the streets and blocked the front gate of Bashundhara residential area, halting traffic movement on Pragati Sarani Road.

A bus was torched during the protest in the area. But students present at the spot denied to torch it. Transport movements were disrupted following the demonstration, which created a huge traffic jam in the nearby areas.

Later, Dhaka North City Corporation Mayor Atiqul Islam rushed to the spot and talked to the students. The mayor also gave assurance that a foot-over bridge will be set up at the accident scene in the next two to three months.

Registrar of BUP Brig Gen Md Mahboob Sarwar also went to the spot and urged the students to go back to the universities after assuring them that the university authority will follow up with the mayor's office to implement the students' demands.

But the protesting students continued their agitation, saying that they have no faith in the assurances and pledges anymore. If representatives from the prime minister's office give assurance to meet up their eight-point demand, only then they will quit their protest, some of the students said.

The students withdrew their demonstration programme around 5:50pm for today, saying that they will resume the protest tomorrow. 

The accident took place at a time when the Dhaka Metropolitan Police is observing Traffic Week to bring discipline on the streets.

WHAT ARE THE STUDENTS’ DEMANDS?

Under the banner of “Safe Road Movement”, the students are demonstrating to press home their eight-point demand.

The demands include: Free the transport sector of political influence and check necessary papers of all buses each month, bring those responsible under the purview of law, all vehicles without fitness and all drivers without license should be banned from the streets, among others. Three people were killed in a road accident on Rangpur-Bagura  highway in Pirganj upazila of the district on Tuesday, reports UNB.


Officer-in-charge of Pirganj police station Swadesh Chandra said a covered van hit a road divider and then fell on a Thakurgaon-bound bus around 4 am, leaving a covered van helper and two bus passengers dead on the spot.

The identities of the deceased could not be known yet. Students of different private universities blocked the road in front of Jamuna Future Park following the death of a student of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) in a road crash in front of Bashundhara gate of PragatiSarani area in the capital on Tuesday morning.The victim was identified as Abrar Ahmed Chowdhury, son of Brig General (retd) Arif Ahmed Chowdhury of Bashundhara area, and honours 1styear student of International Relations Department.

The accident took place around 7:15 am when a bus of ‘Suprovat Paribahan’ ran over Abrar, leaving him dead on the spot, said Jahangir, sub-inspector of Gulshan Police Station.

Angered by the accident, students from North South University, Independent University of Bangladesh, American International University of Bangladesh and others took to the street and blocked the road, halting the traffic movement from Kuril Bishwaroad to Bhatara.

The road blockade created huge traffic gridlock in the adjacent areas.

The students are chanting slogans demanding capital punishment of the bus driver who was arrested  soon after the accident.

Dhaka North City Corporation’s (DNCC) mayor Atiqul Islam went to the area and talked to the protesting students.

While talking to the Mayor the students demanded capital punishment of the driver and building of a foot over-bridge in the area.

The Mayor assured the students of fulfilling their demands.

However, the agitating students set the killer bus on fire around 12:30 pm which was doused by local people.The students also placed an eight-point demand which include checking of necessary papers including driving license on regular basis, making transport sector free from political influence, ensure capital punishment of the accused driver within a short time, construction of foot over-bridge and speed breaker on all risky roads, stopping plying of unfit vehicles and others.

They threatened that they will continue their movement until they get assurance from the government over fulfilling their demands. Dhaka North City Corporation, or DNCC, Mayor Atiqul Islam went to the area to speak to the protesters around 10 am after the protests began early on Tuesday morning.

Despite the mayor’s requests and assurances, the protesters refused to move from the streets and around 12 pm, a bus operated by the Shuprovat Paribahan was torched. A bus from the same company had run over Abrar around 7:30 am, killing him on the spot. 

Police have seized the bus and arrested its driver.

Following the accident, BUP students took to the streets and chanted slogans demanding punishment for the bus driver.

The traffic on both sides of the roads from Natun Bazar, Badda to Kuril areas were blocked due to the protests. The students vandalised some vehicles too in that time.

 The road blockade continued until 2:30 pm, said Joyanta Kumar Saha, a correspondent of bdnews24.com.
The students placed several demands with Mayor Atiqul, including the death penalty for the bus driver within 10 days, revocation of Shuprovat Paribahan’s licence to operate, establishment of a bus stand, a government order requiring drivers to display their photographs and licence copies inside the bus, the installation of a footbridge at the Bashundhara gate and CCTV cameras to monitor traffic officers.   

Seeking time to consider the demands, Mayor Atiqul said, “It is my seventh day as mayor. I’m not asking as the mayor but as a brother: please give me some time.”  

He also sought support from all students and urged them to cooperate with him. He promised to discuss the matter with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and assured that legal actions would be taken against the bus driver.

Atiqul also pledged to build a footbridge named after Abrar in front of the Bashundhara gate. BUP student Shamim Al Hasan pressed the demand via a handout on Tuesday

 
Demonstrators—while protesting the death of a student in a road accident in Dhaka—have pressed home their 8-point demand to ensure road safety, including capital punishment for drivers found guilty of causing road deaths.

Protesters chanted slogans demanding the death penalty for drivers who cause road deaths.

Shamim Al Hasan, a 4th year Law Department student of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP), pressed the demands through a handout around 1pm on Tuesday.

Their demands include the complete removal of political influence from the transport sector, and consistent vetting of every bus drivers’ legal documents; such as of drivers’ licenses.

Additional demands include ensuring the speedy trial and capital punishment of drivers and anyone responsible for road accidents; and taking steps for the removal of buses without fitness and drivers licenses from the streets, as soon as possible.

Plus, they demand underpasses, speed breakers, foot overbridges be constructed in risky areas of the city, that the existing laws to prosecute the drivers responsible for road deaths—to the highest extent of the law—be amended; and that steps be taken against suspect administration officials and traffic police personnel, if evidence of their negligence is found.

They concluded that steps must be taken to halt competitive driving practices, and for the construction of more bus stops; and students must be offered half-price passes for bus rides across the city, or separate bus services.Abrar Ahmed Chowdhury—an honours first year student of the International Relations Department at the BUP—was knocked down by a Suprovat Paribahan bus while crossing the road around 7:15am on Tuesday, killing him on the spot.

Bus torched

Around 12:35, a bus was torched at the Jamuna Future Park area during the ongoing road safety protest. However, the flames were doused by a team of BUP students after around ten minutes.

No further incidents of violence have been reported till the filing of this report.

Traffic gridlock

Responding to a query, Gulshan police station Officer-in-Charge Abu Bakar Siddique said: “We are trying to remove the protesting students peacefully. University authorities have arrived in the area to diffuse the situation.

“The demonstration has caused a gridlock in the area. We have created a diversion through the Gulshan link road, Norda, and Baridhara areas, so that traffic can pass through until the situation is resolved.”

Protests broke out in Dhaka—and across the country in July last year—demanding safe roads and justice, after two students died in a road accident on Dhaka's Airport Road.

Shaheed Ramiz Uddin School and College students Diya Khanam Mim and Abdul Karim Rajib were killed—and several others were injured—when a bus of “Jabal-e-Noor Paribahan” ploughed into a group of students on July 29, 2018. Three people were killed in a road accident on Rangpur-Bagura  highway in Pirganj upazila of the district on Tuesday.

Officer-in-charge of Pirganj police station Swadesh Chandra said a covered van hit a road divider and then fell on a Thakurgaon-bound bus around 4 am, leaving a covered van helper and two bus passengers dead on the spot.

The identities of the deceased could not be known yet. Three motorcycle riders were killed after their vehicle was hit by a train at Bhennabari level crossing in the Gopalganj Sadar upazila early today.

Two of the deceased were identified as Raju Shikdar, 25, son of Siddik Shikdar of Islambagh Elabagh, and Tanvir Chowdhury Rocky, 19, son of Quamrul Chowdhury of Mohammad Para. The identity of the third victim could not be known yet.

""Gopalganj-bound 'Tungipara Express' train from Rajshahi hit the motorbike at night, killing three people on the spot,"" said Mohammad Manirul Islam, officer-in-charge(OC) of Sadar Police Station.

Police recovered the bodies around 6:15am and sent them to Sadar Hospital for autopsy.

Locals alleged that there was no gateman at the level crossing. A schoolgirl lost her legs and two others suffered injuries when a rickshaw-van carrying them was hit by a lorry in Sarsha upazila of Jashore this morning.

Traffic movement on Benapole-Jashore highway remains halted as angry mob blockaded the road, our local correspondent reports quoting Mashiur Rahman, officer-in-charge (OC) of Sarsha Police Station.

The lorry that hit the rickshaw van was also torched, the OC added. Road Transport Act, 2018, was passed in parliament five months ago

 
Long after passage of a road safety act, the new law is not yet enforced as the government has not published a notification assigning its implementation date. And the rules for the act have not been drafted yet.     

Hard on the heels of last year’s student movement for safe roads, the Jatiya Sangsad passed the Road Transport Act, 2018, on September 19 last year and subsequently the president also gave his consent to the new law on October 9 the same year. A gazette notification was also published about the passage of the law but it was mentioned that the government would set the law in motion after fixing an implementation schedule with an official notification. 

But the law is not in application as that notification has not been published yet, officials concerned at the Road and Highways Division told Dhaka Tribune.  

Barrister Jyotirmoy Barua, a Supreme Court lawyer, told the Dhaka Tribune: “Usually we see no law has this provision of notification from the law ministry for the declaration of an execution day. It seems this provision was kept in this act intentionally, to delay implementation of the law.”

According to the act, government by a notification will decide the date for implementation of this law.  Investigation, trial, appeal etc, of any offense committed under the road transport act will follow the Code of Criminal Procedure,1898.  

Jyotirmoy said: “It is clear that the act needs no immediate rules for implementation as it is stated in the act that  all it’s procedures will follow the code of criminal procedure,1898.”

According to the road transport act, if anyone causes an accident and kills or injures anyone seriously by reckless and negligent driving, s/he will have to face a maximum sentence of five years in jail or a fine of Tk500,000 or both. 

The motor vehicles ordinance, 1983, will be replaced by the new road transport act, 2018. 

Hossain Zillur Rahman, executive chairman of power and participation research centre, also a former  caretaker government adviser said: “When the student movement was going on last year, the government approved the act to meet the demands of agitating students. Now it is delaying in implementing the law. This delay is not technical, but rather a negligence of high level policy makers.

“The digital security act came into action without delay but the road transport act has not, though parliament approved both acts on the same day!” he added.

Md Abdul Malek, additional secretary (Administration)  road transport and highways division, said: “All work is done on our part. The ministry of law will give a notification in which they will say the act will be in action from a particular date.”

Abu Saleh Sk Md Zahirul Haque, secretary law and justice division, said this is a matter for the legislative and parliament division. Neither the law minister, Anisul Haq, nor the secretary (legislative and parliamentary affairs), Mohammad Shahidul Haque, could be reached for comment on Wednesday.  

However, to curb road mishaps and bring back discipline on roads and highways, a 15-strong committee was formed on February 17. Headed by former shipping minister Sajahan Khan, the committee was mandated to submit a report in 14 working days. But the committee is yet to submit the report. The bus driver of Suprobhat Paribahan, which killed a university student near the capital's Bashundhara Residential Area on Tuesday, was driving recklessly to flee the spot after hitting another pedestrian in Shahjadpur area, said police.

The deceased, Abrar Ahmed Chowdhury, was a first-year honours student of international relations department at Bangladesh University of Professionals.

The difference between the two accidents was just 10 minutes, according to the case statement. 

The vehicle bearing the number plate -- Dhaka Metro-Ba-11-4135 -- hit a college girl   Synthia Islam Mukta, 20, in Shahjadpur's Banshtala area around 7:20am, Aminul Islam, inspector (operations) of Gulshan Police Station, told The Daily Star yesterday.

The bus driver was driving recklessly to flee the scene after hitting Synthia and eventually ran over Abrar when he was crossing a road through a zebra crossing near Bashundhara Residential Area at 7:30am, said the police official.


Aminul added that they were trying to contact Synthia, who returned home after receiving treatment at a Shahjadpur hospital, and her family members.

Synthia, who lives with her family in the capital's Bhatara area, was going to her college in Mirpur on Tuesday morning, said police. 

In another development, a Dhaka court placed bus driver Sirajul Islam, 24, on a seven-day remand in the case filed by Abrar's father Brig Gen (retd) Arif Ahmed Chowdhury. 

Dhaka Metropolitan Magistrate Debdas Chandra Adhikari passed the order after Aminul, also the investigating officer of the case, produced Sirajul before the court with a 10-day remand appeal. 

Abrar's father lodged the case with Gulshan Police Station against the bus driver, helper, conductor and owner.

In the case statement, the complainant mentioned that Abrar went to the main gate of Bashundhara Residential Area from the B-block house in a private car. Then Abrar was crossing the road through a zebra crossing to catch his university bus, but a bus of Suprobhat Paribahan ran over and killed him on the spot.

The case was lodged under four sections of the penal code, including that of 304, which carries up to life sentence.

In the remand appeal, Aminul mentioned that the accident took place as Sirajul was driving recklessly and involved in a race to take passengers. So, it needs to interrogate him to know the reason behind it.

Sirajul did not say anything at the court. But his lawyer told the court that it was an accident, said court sources.

Quoting Sirajul, investigation officer of the case told journalists that he had not slept the night before. So, he was not in sound mind. First, he hit a girl and sped up the bus to flee the scene. Afterwards, he ran over another passerby (Abrar). His head was crushed under the wheels of the bus. Later, traffic police arrested him.

Meanwhile, Sirajul's mother Nasima Begum and younger sister Hafiza Begum met him at Gulshan Police Station yesterday morning.

Hafiza told The Daily Star that her brother had been driving bus for the last three years. But he got the driving licence around 15 days ago.

Sirajul was enrolled in class one, but did not continue his education, she added.

According to the latest road safety act, the minimum educational qualification for a person to get driving licence is class eight. But the act is yet to be effective. 

Police said Sirajul was driving the bus with a licence for light vehicle.

Lokman Hossain Mollah, director (engineering) of Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA), told this correspondent that drivers could not drive this type of bus with light vehicle licence.

The BRTA on Tuesday suspended registration and route permit of the bus involved in the accident and driving licence of the driver.

Police are trying to arrest the bus helper, conductor and owner. They went into hiding, said Inspector Aminul. At least six people were killed in separate road accidents in two districts yesterday. In another accident, a schoolgirl lost her legs and two others suffered injuries when a rickshaw-van carrying them was hit by a pick-up van.


In Sirajganj, three bus passengers were killed and 19 others injured following a head-on collision between two buses on the Bangabandhu bridge west connecting road at Soydabad in sadar upazila yesterday afternoon, adds UNB. The identities of the deceased could not be known while filing this report.

Shahid Alam, officer-in-charge of Bangabandhu Bridge West Police Station, said the accident took place around 4:45pm when a 'Hanif Paribahan' bus collided head-on with another bus.

In Gopalganj, three motorcycle riders were killed after their bike was hit by a train at Bhennabari level-crossing in the sadar upazila early yesterday, adds UNB.

Two of the deceased were identified as Raju Shikdar, 25, and Tanvir Chowdhury Rocky, 19, son of Quamrul Chowdhury of Mohammad Para. The identity of the third victim could not be known.

“Goplaganj-bound Tungipara Express train from Rajshahi hit the motorbike at night, killing three people on the spot,” said Mohammad Manirul Islam, officer-in-charge of Gopalganj Sadar Police Station.

Police recovered the bodies around 6:15am and sent them to the local sadar hospital for autopsy. Locals alleged that there was no gateman at the level-crossing. In another incident, a six-grade schoolgirl in Jashore lost a leg in a road crash at Navaron yesterday.

Sixth-graders Nipa, Rina and Saleha were injured after a pick-up van of Palli Bidyut Samity hit their school van on the Jashore-Benapole Highway. Nipa’s leg was severed on the spot.

The three, all 13-year-old, are students of Buruj Bagan High School. The pick-up van rammed into the school van carrying the students around 10am, said Mashiur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Sharsha Police Station. The injured were taken to a local hospital.

Agitated locals blocked the highway after the accident, halting vehicular movement. A 40-year-old man was killed after being hit by a covered van of a private company in the city’s Paltan area on Wednesday night.

The identity of the deceased could not be known immediately. 

The covered van hit the man around 9:30 pm while he was crossing a road near Bank Asia, leaving him dead on the spot, said Saheduzzaman, inspector (Investigation) of Paltan Police Station. 

Police arrested the driver and seized the vehicle after the accident, he added.

The accident took place amid the outcry over the death of a university student in a road accident in the city’s PragatiSarani area on Tuesday. A 40-year-old man was killed after being hit by a covered van of a private company in the city’s Paltan area on Wednesday night.

The identity of the deceased could not be known immediately. 

The covered van hit the man around 9:30 pm while he was crossing a road near Bank Asia, leaving him dead on the spot, said Saheduzzaman, inspector (Investigation) of Paltan Police Station. 

Police arrested the driver and seized the vehicle after the accident, he added.

The accident took place amid the outcry over the death of a university student in a road accident in the city’s PragatiSarani area on Tuesday. A madrasa teacher was killed after a truck hit him on a road in Dhaka’s Mirpur early today.

The deceased was identified as Abdur Razzak, 50, of Meherpur district.

Razzak died on the spot when the truck hit him on the road around 4:30am, said Dadon Fakir, officer-in-charge of Mirpur Police Station.

The body was sent to Suhrawardy Medical College morgue, he said. A college student has been run over in Sirajganj’s Kamarkhand upazila amidst renewed student protests for safer roads throughout Dhaka.

The deceased was identified as Hridoy, 18, an HSC examinee, our Pabna correspondent reports quoting Habibul Islam, officer-in-charge of Kamarkhand Police Station.

It was a hit-and-run case that took place around 8:00am this morning when Hridoy and his two friends were out on a stroll. His friends were injured.

A lorry crushed them near Bhadraghat bazar area leaving Hridoy dead on the spot, OC Habibul Islam said. The lorry was seized, but the driver fled.

The injured were admitted to Bangamata Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib Hospital.


Aggrieved locals said to have set the lorry on fire, Bangla daily Prothom Alo reports.

The death of a university student in Dhaka sparked safe road protests on Tuesday. The protests continued for two days before demonstrations were called off until March 28.

Previously, in August last year, Bangladesh was rattled by a wave of student protests over safe road – sparked on the death of two college students – that went on for over a week. Six passengers of a motorised three-wheeler—including two women—have been killed, and five others injured, in a road accident in Barisal.
The accident occurred on the Barisal-Banaripara road near Tetultala area around 9:30am on Friday, as a bus collided head-on with a three-wheeler.
Barisal airport police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Abdur Rahman Mukur confirmed the matter to the Dhaka Tribune.
The deceased are: college student Shila Haldar, 24; the three wheeler’s driver Sohel Khan, 25; Manik Sikder, 40; Khokon, 35; and an unidentified woman. Five injured, including a child, are undergoing treatment Barisal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital.\ Station Officer of Barisal Fire Service and Civil Defence Yunus Ali said: “The three-wheeler was heading towards Barisal from Banaripara. The light vehicle collided head-on with a Durjoy Paribahan bus in the Tetultala area. College student Shila died on the spot. “On a tip-off, police and fire service personnel arrived at the area and took the injured victims to Barisal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital. The doctor on duty declared Manik and Khokon dead on arrival.”
Police impounded the bus and the three-wheeler involved in the accident, but the bus staff managed to get away. Traffic on the road was suspended for around 30 minutes, but resumed after the fire service removed the damaged vehicles from the scene. A woman and her seven-year-old daughter were killed as a bus rammed a motorbike on Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Mallikpara of Sonargaon upazila on Thursday night.

The deceased are Sanjida Begum, 26, and her daughter Jannat, 7, hailing from Darikandi in the upazila.

The Dhaka-bound bus hit the motorbike around 8:30pm, leaving the duo dead on the spot, said Abdul Quium, officer-in-charge of Narayanganj highway police station.

Sanjida's husband Jashim Uddin who was driving the bike was severely injured in the accident.

Jashim was sent to Dhaka Medical College Hospital in the capital, he added. Six people, including a college student, were killed and five others injured when a bus rammed a human hauler on Barishal-Banaripara road at Tetultala in the city on Friday.

Five of the dece ased were identified as Shila Haldar, 24, a Masters student of Barishal BM College, ManikShikdar, 40, auto-rickshaw driver Khokon, 35, Sohel 25 and Parvin, 35 of Babuganj upazila while the identity of another one aged about 50 could not be known yet.

Yunus Ali, station officer of Barishal Fire Service and Civil Defense, said the accident took place in the area when the Barishal-bound ‘DurjoyParibahan’ bus from Swarupkathi hit a human hauler, leaving Shila dead on the spot and ten others injured.

Police and fire service men took the injured to BarishalSher-e-Bangla Medical College and Hospital where doctors declared five others dead.

AbdurRahmanMukul, officer-in-charge of Barishal Metropolitan Airport police Station, said traffic movement on the highway remained suspended for half an hour due to the road accident. A 40-year-old man was killed after being hit by a covered van of a private company in the city's Paltan area on Wednesday night. The identity of the deceased could not be known immediately. A man in his 40s has died in a road accident as a covered van hit him crossing the road at the Purana Paltan intersection in Dhaka city on Wednesday night.

He could not be identified immediately, local media reports say.

Paltan Police Station’s Inspector (investigation) Shaheduzzaman said the victim died on the spot.


 
The body has been sent to Dhaka Medical College and Hospital for autopsy, he said.

Inspector Shahed said they have detained the driver along with the covered van immediately.

Dhaka witnessed two days of loud protests by students from Tuesday in the wake of the death of one of their fellows in a road accident in the city that day.

The students called off the protests on Wednesday until March 28 upon assurances by the authorities to take proper measures to meet their demands towards ensuring safe roads.

The same type of protests brought the city to a standstill for nine days in July-August 2018 on the heels of the death of two college students in another accident The death toll from Friday morning’s deadly road accident in the city rose to seven after a child succumbed to his injuries.

The accident took place in the city’s Tetultala after a Barishal-bound bus of ‘Durjoy Paribahan’ hit a human hauler. A woman was killed on the spot and 10 others were injured, said Yunus Ali, station officer of Barishal Fire Service.

Police identified those killed in the accident as Shila Haldar, 24, an MA student at Barishal BM College, Manik Shikdar, 40, auto-rickshaw driver Khokon, 35, Sohel 25 and Parvin Begum, 35, her son Taium, 7, of Babuganj upazila and Meherunessa, 50, of Madhabpasha. 

Taium died while being taken to Dhaka for better treatment.

Police and fire service officials took the injured to Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital where five of the injured died.

Four survivors of the accident — Abdullah, 7, Sumon, 25, Tonny, 17, and Dulal Haldar, 30 — are undergoing treatment at the hospital. A woman and her seven-year-old daughter were killed as a bus rammed a motorbike on Dhaka-Chattogram Highway at Mallikpara of Sonargaon upazila on Thursday night.

The deceased were identified as Sanjida Begum, 26, and her daughter Jannat, 7, hailing from Darikandi in the upazila.

The Dhaka-bound bus hit the motorbike around 8:30pm, leaving the duo dead on the spot, said Abdul Quium, officer-in-charge of Narayanganj Highway Police Station.

Sanjida’s husband Jashim Uddin who was driving the bike was severely injured in the accident. 

Jashim was sent to Dhaka Medical College Hospital in the capital, he added. Agitated students take to the street, demanding immediate capture and punishment of the bus driver and his assistant

 
A student of Sylhet Agricultural University (SAU) has died under the wheels of a bus in Moulvibazar after he was reportedly pushed off the moving vehicle by the driver’s assistant during an altercation.

According to witnesses and police, the incident took place on Dhaka-Sylhet Highway in Sadar upazila’s Sherpur Muktijoddha Chattar area around 5pm on Saturday — just days after the death of a private university student in Dhaka rekindled last year’s road safety movement across the country.

The deceased was identified as Ghori Md Wasim Hasnat, a final-year student at SAU’s Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering Faculty. He was from Habiganj’s Nabiganj upazila.

Another student named Rakib Hossain was also injured in the incident.

Hearing the news of Wasim’s death, hundreds of agitated students of the university took to the street in Sylhet and Moulvibazar by blockading the highway near the campus — demanding immediate capture and punishment of the Udar Paribahan bus’s driver and his assistant.

The students said their demonstration would continue until the authorities take definite measures.

Some students also attacked and vandalized the Udar Paribahan counter at Sylhet’s Kadamtali Bus Stand.

According to SAU student Nayan Ranjan Ghosh, who was with Wasim, 11 of them were returning to the campus on the Sylhet-bound Udar Paribahan bus after attending a wedding ceremony in Habiganj’s Debpara.

An argument broke out between the students and the driver’s assistant over the fare, he said, and at one point, Wasim and Rakib were pushed out of the moving bus’s door by the assistant.

Wasim was run over by the vehicle immediately, while Rakib managed to survive even after jumping off the moving bus.

Wasim succumbed to his injuries while he was being rushed to Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital. He body was kept at the hospital’s morgue after the duty doctors declared him dead on arrival.

His family members, SAU Vice-Chancellor Prof Dr Md Matiar Rahman Howlader and hundreds of students had also thronged the hospital premises.

“Wasim did not die in a road accident. It was a murder,” Prof Matiar told Bangla Tribune.

Police later impounded the bus from Begumpur area in Sylhet’s Osmaningar upazila, but its driver and his assistant had managed to flee, said Sherpur police outpost’s Assistant Sub-Inspector Md Sharif Ahmed. More than 70,000 vehicles have not had their fitness certificates renewed in 10 years, and many of them are on the road posing serious risks of accidents.

Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA) asked the owners of these vehicles -- 14,982 of them buses and trucks -- to renew their fitness certificates by May 31. Otherwise, their registrations will be cancelled.

In a notice published in newspapers last month, the transport regulator requested the owners to inform the authority if their vehicles have been discarded.

“In addition to cancelling their registrations, we will file cases against each vehicle owner to realise the dues [renew fees, taxes etc],” BRTA Director (operations) Sitanghsu Shekhar Biswas told The Daily Star early this month.

Under the Motor Vehicle Ordinance 1983, vehicles must undergo mandatory fitness checks every year. But the 71,218 vehicles in question did not do so since January 2009.

Unfit vehicles are a key reason behind road accidents, a major issue in the country right now, especially since last year's massive student protests demanding safer roads.

Tens of thousands of students took to the streets in Dhaka and other cities following the death of two college students in a road accident in the capital on July 29.

Students also took the to streets last week following the death of a university student in capital's Bashundhara area.

At least 4,439 people were killed in 3,103 accidents last year, and faulty vehicles were one of the main reasons, according to Nirapad Sarak Chai, a road safety campaigner.

As of December last year, about 38 lakh vehicles are registered with the BRTA. Of them, 24.5 lakh are motorcycles that do not require annual fitness certificates. 

Of the rest, some 6.5 lakh vehicles obtain fitness certificates every year on average, a BRTA official said.

Last year, the BRTA revoked registrations of 56,410 vehicles, including 3,740 belonging to different ministries and government agencies, for not renewing their fitness certificates for more than a decade.

The process to file cases against these vehicle owners is underway, Sitangshu said.

Prof Moazzem Hossain, former director of Accident Research Institute (ARI) at Buet, said the operation of such a huge number of unfit vehicles indicates that the authority's enforcement system was non-functional.

“Unfit vehicles increase the risks of accidents and so these vehicles definitely make our roads riskier,” he said.

The Daily Star spoke to three executive magistrates who regularly conduct drives against unfit and illegal vehicles. They said such vehicles usually operate in the suburbs of Dhaka.

All three spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorised to speak to the media.

“I led a mobile court drive last week in Jatrabari and found many vehicles that did not have their fitness certificates renewed in 10 years or more,” said one of the magistrates on March 10.

Such vehicles are operating on the Chattogram Road-Gulistan and Tarabo-Bishwa Road without even the route permits, the official added.

“Around a year and half ago, when I conducted a mobile court drive in Savar, I found many vehicles that did not renew their fitness certificates in 10 years or more,” another magistrate said.

“You would find such vehicles operate in different short routes like Savar- Manikganj, Manikganj-Paturia, Nabi Nagar-Chandra, with backing from local political leaders. The number of such vehicles increases before Eid,” he added.

According to Sitangshu these people are ""wilful defaulters”. 

Under the law, owners must inform the authorities if their vehicles have been discarded.

But no one does so, making it almost impossible for the BRTA to say if the vehicles are on the road, he said. “But we think many of them are.”

Many of the vehicles whose registrations were cancelled last year had been registered 30 to 40 years ago. But the majority of the 70,000 vehicles in question had been registered less than 15 years ago, he said.

“They are dodging taxes and creating safety concerns,” he added.

The law does not say how long a vehicle can operate, said a BRTA official. 

“We have nothing to do if someone can maintain their vehicle beyond 20 years if they are fit for the road,” he said.

Mahbub-E-Rabbani, director (road safety) of the BRTA, said they could do little apart from conducting mobile court drives against such vehicles.

A court could fine highest Tk 2,000 for this offence, an executive magistrate said. Some of the injured victims are in critical condition

 
One person has been killed, and 34 others injured in a bus-truck collision on Khulna-Mongla highway in Rampal area under Khulna district. 

The deceased was identified as Md Javed Mir, 35, a resident of the Dalmil intersection area of Khulna city.

Speaking to the Dhaka Tribune, older brother of the victim, Md Liton Mir said: “Javed was driving a truck carrying cement from Mongla to Khulna Friday night. 

“While driving, his visibility was hampered by the storm, causing his truck to collide head on with a bus, while avoiding a broken tree branch. He suffered a broken leg. Locals rescued him and took him a private hospital in Khulna. He died of his injuries around 11pm the same night.”

Responding to a query, Rampal police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Sheikh Lutfor Rahman said: “The bus-truck collision took place at the Belai Bridge area around 7:45pm on Friday. A tree branch, broken by the storm, was blocking the highway.

“Both the bus and the truck drivers lost control of their vehicles while trying to avoid the debris on the road, and collided head-on. A total of 35 people, including bus driver Rafiq and truck driver Javed got injured.”

The victims were then taken to different healthcare facilities including the Khulna Medical College Hospital. Some of them are in critical condition, the OC said At least four people were killed and three others injured in separate road accidents in Joypurhat, Munshiganj and Gazipur districts on Saturday.

In Joypurhat, two motorcyclists were killed and another severely injured in a head-on collision with another motorbike on Panchbibi-Kamdia Road in Panchbibi upazila around 3pm.

The deceased were identified as Tabibur Rahman Mandal, 55, son of late Mafiz Uddin, resident of Panial village, and Mahfuz Akhter, 22, son of Aijul Islam of Danejpur village in the same upazila.

The injured Ratul Prashad Goala was rushed to Joypurhat Modern Hospital and later shifted to Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College Hospital in Bogura considering the severity of his injury, said Bozlar Rahman, officer-in-charge of Panchbibi Police Station.

In Munshiganj, a sixth-grader boy died after he was run over by a passenger bus on Dhaka-Mawa Highway in Medinimandal area of Lauhajang upazila.

The deceased was identified as Antar, 12, son of Md Raza Miah of the same area. He was a student of Mediniganj Anwar Ali High School.

A speeding bus hit him while giving space to another vehicle, killing Antar on the spot, said Golam Morshed Talukder, in-charge of Hashara Highway Police Outpost.

Students of the school and locals put barricades on the road, interrupting vehicle movement for about two and a half hours.

In Gazipur, a motorcyclist was killed and two pillion riders were injured in an accident involving three vehicles on Dhaka-Mymensingh Highway in Salna area in the city.

The deceased was identified as Jumman Hossain, a college student and son of Zahangir Alam, hailing from Baopara area in the city.

The body was sent to Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College Hospital for autopsy, said Samir Chandra Sutradhar, officer-in-charge of Gazipur Metropolitan Police Station. Seven people including a female student of BM College were killed and ten others injured when a bus rammed a human hauler (Mahendra) on Barishal-Banaripara road at Tetultala in Barisal city yesterday.The deceased were identified as Shila Haldar, 24, an MA student at Barisal BM College, Manik Shikdar, 40, auto-rickshaw driver Khokon, 35, Sohel 25 and Parvin Begum, 35, her son Taium, 7, of Babuganj upazila and Meherunessa, 50, of Madhabpasha.

Taium died while being taken to Dhaka for better treatment. Yunus Ali, station officer of Barisal Fire Service and Civil Defense, said the accident took place when the Barisal-bound 'Durjoy Paribahan' bus from Swarupkathi hit a human hauler, leaving Shila dead on the spot and others injured. On information, police and fire service personnel rushed to the spot and took the injured to Barisal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College and Hospital where doctors declared five others dead.

Abdur Rahman Mukul, officer-in-charge of Barisal Metropolitan Airport Police Station, said traffic movement on the highway remained suspended for half an hour due to the road accident. Later, the bus was rescued with the assistance of fire service men and traffic movement became normal.The bus driver managed to escaped the scene. The bus and the human hauler has been kept under police custody. In Joypurhat, two motorcyclists were killed and another severely injured in a head-on collision with another motorbike on Panchbibi-Kamdia Road in Panchbibi upazila around 3pm

 
At least five peple were killed and four others injured in road accidents in Joypurhat, Munshiganj, Moulvibazar, Tangail and Gazipur districts on Saturday.

In Joypurhat, two motorcyclists were killed and another severely injured in a head-on collision with another motorbike on Panchbibi-Kamdia Road in Panchbibi upazila around 3pm.

The deceased were identified as Tabibur Rahman Mandal, 55, and Mahfuz Hossain, 17.

The critically injured Ratul Goala, 23, was rushed to Joypurhat Modern Hospital and later shifted to Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College Hospital in Bogra.

In Munshiganj, a sixth-grader died after he was run over by a bus on the Dhaka-Mawa Highway in the Medinimandal area of Lauhajang upazila.

The deceased was identified as Antar, 12, a student of Mediniganj Anwar Ali High School.

A speeding bus hit him while giving space to another vehicle, killing Antar on the spot, said Golam Morshed Talukder, OC of Hashara Highway Police Outpost.

Students of the school and locals put barricades on the road, interrupting vehicle movement for about two and a half hours.

In Gazipur, a motorcyclist was killed and two others injured when the motorcycle they were on was rear-ended by a bus on the Dhaka-Mymensingh Highway in Salna.

The deceased was identified as Jumman Hossain Nasir, 18. The injured are Robin, 22, and Al Amin, 18. They were all first-year college students at Lincoln School and College.

The body was sent to Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College Hospital for autopsy and the injured are undergoing treatment.

In Moulvibazar, a student of Sylhet Agricultural University (SAU) died under the wheels of a bus after he was reportedly pushed off the moving vehicle by the driver’s assistant during an altercation on Saturday. 

The deceased was identified as Ghori Md Wasim Hasnat, a final-year student at SAU’s biotechnology and genetic engineering department.

Another student, Rakib Hossain, was injured in the incident.

In Tangail, two men died when their motorcycle lost control and crashed into a tree near the Taltola area in Basail around 7:45pm on Saturday.

The deceased were identified as Shaon Khan, 27, and Jamil, 25.

Basail police station OC SM Tuhin Ali: “The motorcycle was driving recklessly and crashed.” Barisal Metropolitan Magistrate Wali Afroz passed the order after the hearing when Barisal Airport police produced him before the court on Saturday morning

 
A Barisal court sent the bus driver, Abdul Jalil, to jail involved in the killing of seven passengers of a motorized three-wheeler—including a child and two women – in Barisal-Banaripara road on Friday.

Barisal Metropolitan Magistrate Wali Afroz passed the order after the hearing when Barisal Airport police produced him before the court on Saturday morning.

The bus driver was arrested from his house at Chandpasha area of Barishal's Babuganj upazila early Saturday, said Barisal Airport police station OC Abdur Rahman Mukur.

Police filed a murder case against him.

The accident occurred on the Barisal-Banaripara road near the Tetultala area around 9:30am on Friday, as a bus collided head-on with a three-wheeler killing sever and injuring four people. Immediately after the accident, Abdul Jalil fled the scene. 

Road transport workers protest

Hearing the arrest of the driver, road transport workers took to streets, halting plying of buses in all the routes from Barisal from 10am, demanding immediate release of Abdul Jalil. However the strike was called off after holding a meeting with the ruling party Awami league leaders and administrative officials, assuring justice through trial, said Jahangir Hossain, secretary of the Barisal Bus Workers Association.

Later, road transport workers resumed transport operation from 12pm Saturday.

Students block Dhaka-Barisal Highway

Meanwhile, students of Govt BM College protested on Saturday, demanding maximum penalty for the bus driver involved in Friday's road accident in Barisal.

One of the victims was an MA student of the college.

Agitated students blocked the Dhaka-Barisal Highway for about two hours, halting traffic on the busy road. They brought out a procession from the campus before putting up barricades on the highway at Notullabad around 10am.

Police visited the spot and requested the protesters to end their demonstration, said Kotwali police station OC Nurul Islam.

The students called off their protests after Barisal City Mayor Serniabat Sadiq Abdullah assured them that justice will be done, the OC added.

Seven people, including Shila Haldar, 24, an MA student, were killed after a bus of “Durjoy Paribahan” hit a human hauler in city's Tetultala area on Friday morning.

 Dashmile Highway police station Officer-in-Charge confirmed the incident

 
Three people were killed in separate road accidents in Dinajpur district on Sunday.

The deceased were identified as, Golam Mostafa , 43, Shahidul, and Mintu Chandra.

According to sources, a loaded truck hit a fish  truck, in front of  the Bangladesh Agricultural Development Corporation office at Nashipur in the district. The crash caused on the spot death of  driver Golam Mostafa, and helper Shahidul.

Dashmile Highway police station Officer-in-Charge, Shamsur Noor, confirmed the incident.

Mintu Chandra, the driver of a Nosimon three wheeler, died when the vehicle skidded off the road in the Matanari area near Gopalganj bazar of the district, police sources said. A man was killed as a bus hit a motor-cycle in Shewrapara area of Mirpur in the capital on Monday morning.

The deceased was identified as Nur Islam Shanto, 25.

Officer-in-Charge of Mirpur Police Station Dadan Fakir said a bus of Tetulia Paribahan hit a motorcycle leaving Nur severely injured around 10:30 am.

Later, he succumbed to his injuries after being taken to the hospital.

Police arrested the bus driver and seized the bus, he said. Four killed in road crashes across country

 
Road crashes killed four people in three districts including two schoolgirls in Comilla of  the country triggering road blockade on Tuesday. 

Comilla

Two schoolgirls were killed in separate road accidents in the Sadar Dakkhin and Chandina upazilas of Comilla on Tuesday.

The accidents took place in the morning when they were going to school to attend programs marking the 49th Independence Day.

In the Sadar Dakshin upazila, a tenth grader was killed, and five other passengers of a ""Leguna"" human haulier were injured, after the driver of the vehicle lost control over the steering and crashed it into a roadside ditch.

The incident occurred in the Mostafapur area around 9:30am.

The deceased Rina Saha, daughter of Labu Saha, of the Barpara village in the Sadar Dakshin upazila, was a student of Bijoypur High School.

Meanwhile, ninth-grader Mahmuda Akter Yeasmin of Kutumbapur High School died when a tractor hit her on the Dhaka-Chattagram Highway in Nazirpur of the Chandina upazila.

Following her death, agitating students of the school took to the street and blocked the Dhaka-Chittagong highway for an hour.

Chandina police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Abul Foysal said: “The incident occurred when the student was returning from an Independence Day rally and the truck crushed her. She died on the spot.”

Students barricaded the highway and set tyres on fire. Later police rushed to the spot, removing the students from the road and clearing the way, the OC added.

Sirajganj

An old man was run over by a truck in the Enayetpur upazila of Sirajganj in the  morning.

Deceased Abdus Sobhan Sarkar,68, was a resident of the  Gopalpur village.

Enayetpur police station SI Mamun Hossain said the sand-laden truck ran over Sobhan in the Betil area, leaving him critically injured.

He was declared dead at the Khwaza Yunus Ali Medical College Hospital.

Hili

An elderly man was killed in a road accident in the Baona Bazar area under Hili of Dinajpur in the morning.

The deceased was identified as Rois Uddin , 58.

Hakimpur police station Officer-in-Charge Anwar Hossain said Rois Uddin died when a motorcycle hit him on the Hili-Ghoraghat road in the area while he was crossing the road.

Jessore

Students of Palashi Adarsha College blockaded the road in front of the college after a private car hit two students leaving them critically injured.

According to sources, Ishak Ali and Sathi, the two students of Palashi Government Primary School were hit by the car in the morning while a program on Independent day was going on.

After the incident. the students of the college blockaded the road demanding arrest the driver of the car.

On information, police went to the spot and brought the situation under control.

The police also arrested Sohel, the driver of the car, said Monirampur police station SI SM Enamul Haque Two schoolgirls were killed in separate road crashes in Sadar Dakkhin and Chandina upazilas on Tuesday.

The accidents took place in the morning when they were going to schools to attend programmes making the 49th Independence Day.

Rina Saha, a class-X student of Bijoypur High School, was killed after a human hauler plunged into a roadside ditch at Maktapur in the upazila around 8:30am.

Seven others, injured in the accident, were taken to Comilla Medical College Hospital, said Mizanur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Sadar Dakkhin Police Station.

Meanwhile, ninth-grader Mahmuda Akter Yeasmin of Kutumbapur High School died when a tractor hit her on Dhaka-Chattogram Highway at Nazirpur in Chandina upazila.

Agitated students barricaded the highway, disrupting traffic movement on the busy road for a while.

Police later brought the situation under control. At least eight people including two women and a child were killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a microbus on the Chattogram-Cox’s Bazar highway around the Chunuti area of Lohagara early Thursday. The identity of the deceased could not be known immediately.

About 30 people were seriously injured and the death toll may rise, according to eyewitness.

A bus of Relax Paribahan collided head-on with the microbus at the said location around 1am, leaving eight people including two minors and two women dead on the spot, said Md Alamgir, in-charge of Chunuti Police Outpost. At least seven people were confirmed dead after a bus veered off and fell into a ditch in Madaripur Sadar today.

The incident took place at Kalabari on Dhaka-Barishal highway around 12:30pm, halting traffic on the highway until last reported.

The bus was heading for Madaripur from an Islamic programme in Faridpur, our Faridpur correspondent reports.

Madaripur police Superintendent Subrata Kumar Hawladar told The Daily Star, the bus tried to avoid collision with a truck.

“Four people were killed on the spot. Three others were declared dead at Madaripur General Hospital,” he added.


The victims were identified as Habi Hawladar, 50, Abbas Khan, 32, Hasia Begum, 65, Hasan, 14, Akkas, 40, Nayan, 27, and Sayem, 25.

They were all from Madaripur Sadar. At least 21 people were killed and 53 injured in separate road accidents in Chattogram, Madaripur, Jashore and Rangamati on Thursday.

In Chattogram, at least nine people, including two women and a child, were killed after a passenger bus rammed a microbus on Chattogram-Cox's Bazar Highway at Chunati Jaillartek around 1:15am.

Cox's Bazar-bound 'Relax Paribahan' hit a microbus coming from the opposite direction, killing eight people on the spot and injuring four others, said Anwarul Haque, in-charge of Chunati police camp.

One of the injured died after being taken to Lohagara Upazila Health Complex.

Eight of the deceased were identified as Hazera Begum, 26, of Borohatia Laskarpara, Abu Taher, 22, of Chuti Khalifa Para of Lohagara upazila, Taslima Akter, 20, of Cox's Bazar district, Taslima's daughter Sadia, 2, Taslima's mother Mamtaz, 45, Nurul Huda, 25, of Chakaria, Afzal Hossain Sohel, 30, of Lohagara upazila and Sayem, 22, of Banshkhali upazila.

In Madaripur, seven bus passengers, including two women, were killed and 30 others injured after a bus plunged into a roadside ditch on Dhaka-Barishal Highway at Kolabari in Madaripur Sadar upazila at noon.

The deceased were identified as Hasia, 50, resident of Amratola village, Abbas, 30, resident of Pantapara village, Nayan, 30, Ranu Begum, 30, residents of Khoiyarbhanga village, and Habi Hawlader, 50, Sharif, 13, Ambia, 65, residents of Atipara village.

The bus was carrying a group of Muslim devotees from a religious festival in Sadarpur upazila in Faridpur. “It fell off a bridge after being hit by a truck around 12:30pm, killing three passengers on the spot,” said Kamrul Hasan, officer-in-charge of Madaripur Sadar Police Station.

Four of the injured succumbed to their injuries at hospital.

In Jashore, four people were killed in two separate road crashes in the Sadar upazila’s Chaulia and Jashore Bus Terminal. 

Three were killed and 15 others injured after a Jashore-bound truck collided head-on with a human hauler in Chaolia on Jashore-Khulna Highway around 11am.

Two of the deceased were identified as Alek Sarder, 55, of Narendrapur village in sadar upazila and Subrata Biaragi, 25, son of Subhash Bairagi of Gabukhali village in Monirampur upazila. 

In a separate accident, a cyclist died after being run over by a truck in the bus terminal area, said Samir Kumar Sarker, officer in-charge of Kotwali Police Station.

In Rangamati, a construction worker was killed and five others injured when a jeep overturned in Agoijjya of Baghaichhari upazila.

The deceased was identified as Zia Majhi, 45, of Durgapur upazila in Netrakona district.

Sub-Inspector of Sajek Police Station Kamruzzaman said 35 construction workers were going to Machalong on two jeeps.
Around 2pm, one of the jeeps overturned on the hilly road killing one on the spot.

Five other workers have been severely wounded, police said. At least 21 people were killed and 54 others injured in separate road accidents in four districts — Chattogram, Jashore, Madaripur and Rangamati — yesterday. At least nine people, including a minor and two women were killed and 11 injured as a passenger bus collided head-on with a microbus at Jangalia area of Chuniti on Chattogram-Cox's Bazar highway under Lohagara upazila in Chattogram early yesterday. Police and local sources said a Cox's Bazar bound bus of Relax Paribahan hit a microbus at Jangalia of Chunati in Lohagara upazila around 1:00am, leaving eight people dead and 11 critically injured. The injured were taken to Lohagara Upazila Health Complex where doctors declared one dead. The microbus was carrying local passengers and the bus was fell into a paddy field beside the highway, said police.


The victims include Abu Sayem, 22, Taslima, 20, Abdus Shukkur, 28, Hasina Momtaj, 45, Nurul Huda, 25, Sadiya, 2, Afzal Hossain Sohel, 30 and Abu Sayem, 22. All the deceased were passengers of the micro-bus.

The injured were admitted to different local hospitals in Chattogram, Mizanur Rahman, in-charge of Dohazari Highway Police Station said.

Being informed, police and fire service personnel rushed to the spot and recovered the bodies and sent the injured persons to a local hospital, said Mizanur Rahman.

In Jashore at least four people were killed and 15 others injured in two separate road crashes at Chaulia on Jashore-Khulna Highway and Jashore – Benapole Highway.

The dead were identified as Aleq Sarder, 55, of Narendrapur village under Jashore sadar upazila and Subrata Bairagi, 25, son of Subhash Bairagi of Gabukhali village under Monirampur upazila. But others were an unidentified woman aged around 32 and a male of the same age, Samir Kumar Sarker, officer in-charge, investigation, Kotwali police station said.

Three people died on the spot and 15 others wounded as a Khulna-bound truck collided head-on with a four wheeler at Chaulia under Jashore sadar upazila at around 11am while biker Aleq died near Jashore Central Bus Terminal as a bus of Rupsha Paribahan ran over him at around 1:30am.

UNB adds: In Madaripur seven people died and 30 others were injured when a bus plunged into a roadside ditch on Dhaka-Barishal Highway at Kolabari in Madaripur Sadar upazila yesterday noon.

The deceased were identified as Hasia, 50, resident of Amratola village, Abbas, 30, resident of Pantapara village, Nayan, 30, Ranu Begum, 30, residents of Khoiyarbhanga village, and Habi Hawlader, 50, Sharif, 13, Ambia, 65, residents of Atipara village.

Kamrul Hasan, officer-in-charge of Madaripur Sadar Police Station, said the bus carrying a group of Muslim devotees from an Urs (religious feast) in Sadarpur upazila in Faridpur plunged into the ditch breaking the railing of a bridge after being hit by a truck around 12:30pm. Three passengers died on the spot.

Later, four others died after they were taken to a hospital.

In Rangamati, a construction worker was killed and five others injured when a jeep overturned in Agoijjya of Baghaichhari upazila.

The deceased was identified as Zia Majhi, 45, of Durgapur upazila in Netrakona district.

Sub-Inspector of Sajek Police Station Kamruzzaman said 35 construction workers were going to Machalong on two jeeps.

Around 2pm, one of the jeeps overturned on the hilly road killing one on the spot.

Five other workers have been severely wounded, police said. Renowned singer Khurshid Alam has been hospitalised after a truck hit the car carrying him in Bogura at the wee hours of Saturday (Mar 30), police said.
He has been taken to the Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College Hospital in the northern city and now being treated with non-life threatening injuries, Additional Superintendent of Police Sanatan Chakrabarty said.
The truck, which hit the car around 3am on the highway to Rangpur at Jhopgari area just outside the city, is yet to be traced, said the senior police officer.
The singer had gone to northern city to attend a reception at a city hotel, according to his brother Murshid Alam.
“Around 3am, the car carrying him and two other local residents was hit by a Dhaka-bound truck leaving all of them injured. Khurshid Alam was taken to the medical college hospital in Bogura,” he said.
The singer suffered injuries on the head, but is now out of danger, said the hospital's Neurosurgery Department chief Sushanta Kumar.
“He has not suffered a haemorrhage but left with damaged teeth due to the impact,” he told the media.
A seven-strong medical board has been formed for the veteran singer’s treatment, said the hospital’s Director Brig Gen Golam Rasul.
“He will undergo a CT scan, following which a decision will be made on transferring him to Dhaka,” he said. Entertainment Desk
Injured popular playback singer and Ekushey Padak recipient Khurshid Alam was admitted to a hospital after a collision between a truck and private car in Bogura.
The accident took place at Jhupgari area of Bogura on Friday night around 11:55pm, sources said.
But now, Khurshid Alam is out of danger and his treatment is undergoing at Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College and Hospital, Additional Superintendent of Police Sanatan Chakrabarty said. Four people, including a woman and her daughter, were killed after a bus hit a CNG-driven auto-rickshaw in Noakhali’s Begumganj today.

The deceased were identified as Khadiza Begum, 40, her daughter Kamrunnahar Poly, 24, Wahiduzzaman Shakil, 19, and Raju Ahmed, 35.

The incident took place around 3:00pm near Ekhlaspur Bazar on Maizdi-Choumohoni road, our local correspondent reports quoting police.

The vehicles were coming in from opposite direction, said Feroz Hossain Mollah, officer-in-charge of Begumganj Police Station.

He added: “The dead were all passengers of the three-wheeler who died on the spot. Another person was injured in the incident.”


Injured Rony, 25, was first taken to Noakhali General Hospital and later referred to Dhaka for better treatment as his condition deteriorated. Three people including two women have been killed in a collision between a bus and a CNG-run auto-rickshaw on Maizdi-Eklaspur road in Noakhali’s Begumganj Upazila.
The incident was reported from the Upazila’s Ekhlaspur Bazar around 3pm on Saturday (Mar 30).
One of the deceased has been identified as Shakib Hossain, 22, son of Omar Faruk from the Upazila’s Darbeshpur village while details of the two women were unavailable.
The bodies have been kept at the state-owned hospital in the district town, Begumganj police OC Feroz Alam Mollah told Bangla Tribune.
Police seized the both vehicles, he added. Four people were killed and two injured after a bus collided with a CNG run autorickshaw

 
At least five people were killed in separate road crashes in Noakhali and Habiganj on Saturday.

Noakhali

Four people were killed and two injured after a bus collided with a CNG run autorickshaw in the Eklashpur Bazar area of Begumganj upazila. 

The deceased were identified as Shakib Hossain, 22, Khadiza Begum, 45, Kamrun Nahar Poli, 22, and Mohammad Raju, 35.

Confirming the matter, Begumganj police station OC Feroz Alam Mollah said: ""The bodies were sent to Noakhali General Hospital morgue for autopsy. The bus was impounded but the driver managed to flee the scene.”

Habiganj

A primary school student was killed when a bus hit a CNG-auto-rickshaw from behind on the Nabiganj-Sherpur road in the Bajakhashra gate area of Nabiganj upazila.

The deceased was identified as Tonmoy,10. The victim was a student of class two at Sonar Bangla School.

Nabiganj police station OC Ikbal Hossain said the auto rickshaw fell off the road after being hit by the bus. Tonmoy was severely injured and rushed to upazila health complex, where the on-duty doctor declared him dead. 

The bus was seized but the driver and helper managed to flee the scene, and efforts to arrest them are ongoing, the OC added.

Bogra

Prominent singer Khurshid Alam, 75, was injured early Saturday, when a truck collided head-on with his private car on the Dhaka-Rangpur Highway in the Jhopgari area of Bogra’s Charmatha.

Two others injured in the accident were identified as Khokon and Swadhin.

Khurshid was initially admitted to Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College Hospital (SZMCH), and was  later shifted to Green Life Medical College and Hospital in Dhaka via air ambulance in the afternoon, said the hospital’s neuro-medicine department chief Dr Asafuddoula.

Dr Sushanto Kumar, from the same department, told reporters that Khurshid had broken five teeth among other injuries on his face and head.

 “None of the injuries he received are life threatening,” added the physician.

Bogra Sadar circle Additional Superintendent of Police Sanatan Chakrabarty said they have impounded the wrecked car, but the truck and its driver are yet to be located.

No case has been filed over the incident as yet. At least six people, including a woman and her daughter, were killed in separate road accidents in Noakhali and Cumilla yesterday.

Of the deceased, five died in the accident in Noakhali. They are Khadiza Begum, 40, her 24-year-old daughter Kamrunnahar Poly, Shakil, 19, Maulana Raju Ahmmed, 35, and CNG-run auto-rickshaw driver Azad. They all were from Begumganj upazila of the district.

The accident occurred as a passenger bus collided head-on with the auto-rickshaw on Chowmuhani-Maijdee Road near the upazila's Ekhlaspur Bazar  around 3:00pm.

All the victims were in the auto-rickshaw, said police, who seized the bus but could not arrest the driver and his helper.

The bodies were sent to Noakhali General Hospital for autopsies, said Firoz Hossain Mollah, officer-in-charge of Begumganj Police Station.


In Cumilla, a commuter was crushed under the wheels of a recklessly driven bus at Alekharchar bus stop on Dhaka-Chattogram Highway around 11:30am yesterday.

The deceased was identified as Sharifa Akhter Bristi, 18, daughter of Shariful Islam, of Nandail upazila in Mymensingh.

Witnesses and police said two buses were racing recklessly for passengers. The victim was waiting at the stop for a bus to Dhaka. At one stage, the bus of Al Baraka Paribahan lost control and ran her over.

Both the driver and the helper fled immediately, but police seized the bus, said Sirajul Islam, sub-inspector of Mainamati Crossing Highway Police Station.

Talking to reporters, witness Mostofa, who runs a local shop,      said the accident occurred due to reckless driving and blamed the driver     for it.

Our Noakhali and Cumilla correspondents contributed to the article. A man and his three-year-old daughter were killed and two others injured when an auto-rickshaw collided with a jeep on Chattogram-Kaptai road in Rangunia upazila on Sunday.

The deceased were identified as Abdul Aziz, 50, son of Nesar Ahmed and his daughter Afifa, 3.

The accident took place around 10:30 am when the jeep collided with the auto-rickshaw, leaving four people injured, said sub-inspector of Chittagong Medical College and Hospital police outpost.

The injured were taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital where the doctors declared two of them dead. A woman died after an uprooted tree fell on her in parliament area, Sher-e-Bangla Nagar Police Station OC Jan-e-Alam said.

The woman has been identified as Mily D Costa, 60, a resident of Monipuri Parha near the parliament premises.

It is believed that she was out for an evening walk during the mishap, the OC said.

 Trees were upended or branches fell at different places during a storm in Dhaka on Sunday evening. This photo of a tree uprooted on a car and an autorickshaw was taken from Hare Road. A tea seller died after being struck by a falling brick from a building at Paltan during the storm on Sunday evening.
The victim, Md Hanif, 45, was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where the doctor declared him brought dead. 

None of the nearby buildings was under construction, Paltan Police Station OC Mahmudul Haque told bdnews24.com.

“We are not sure from which building the brick fell,” he said.

 A man identified as Dulal Mia, 40, died in a similar incident at West Shewraparha in the capital, Mirpur Police Station OC Dadon Fakir said.
Dulal, who worked at a private firm as a driver, lived in a tin-shed building in the area.

A brick fell on him from an under-construction building during the storm. He was rushed to a hospital but the doctor there declared him dead, the OC said.

A rickshaw-puller identified as ‘Hasan’, 40, died when a wall collapsed on him at Palashpur, Kadamtali Police Station OC Jamaluddin Mir told bdnews24.com. 

 A woman and her 5-year-old son drowned when a boat capsized in the Burhiganga river during the storm, Keraniganj Police Station OC Shaker Mohammad Zubayer said.
The boat sank near the Madaripur pier at Keraniganj on its way to Kamrangirchar, the OC added. 

Locals launched a rescue operation immediately and found the boy, but he was declared dead at a hospital, Md Erfan, a resident of the Madaripur village, said.

His mother’s body was found later, Erfan added.

Neither the OC nor Erfan could immediately identify the victims.

 Reports of damage caused by the storm were coming in from different areas.
The storm blew away the signboard of Shahbagh Police Station, upended an electricity pole on Minto Road and felled a tree branch on road no. 3 at Dhanmondi.

An official at the Fire Service and Civil Defence control room said trees getting uprooted were reported from at least 25 areas.

A tree branch fell on a car and an autorickshaw at Kakrail.

The autorickshaw driver suffered minor injuries, police said."
