"","x"
"1","A minor boy was killed after being run over by a trolley at Barashula village of the municipality on Monday.

The deceased was identified as Raihan, 8, son of Bashir Molla of the village.

The accident took place around 9am when the soil-laden trolley hit Raihan, leaving him critically injured, said Sub-Inspector of Sadar Police Station Rezaul Islam.

Later, he was taken to Sadar Hospital where doctors pronounced him dead. The deceased police constable was identified as Motaleb Mia

 
A police constable and another individual died in separate road accidents in Gazipur on Tuesday.

The deceased police constable was identified as Motaleb Mia, 55, resident of Basail upazila Tangail and worked in Kaliganj Police Station.

The incident took place on 5pm Tuesday at Charsindhu bridge of Gazipur-Itakhola road in Kaliganj upazila.

Police seized a motorbike and arrested two of its riders in connection with the accident.

According to sources, a team of Kaliganj police station was conducting routine searches at a check post on Charsindhu Bridge. 

While they indicated a running motor bike to halt, the motor bike tried to speed off.

During the ensuing chaos, the bike hit Motaleb's head, leaving him severely injured.

His colleagues rushed him to a local hospital in Palash upazila, Narsingdi, where the on-duty doctor declared him dead.

Officer-in-charge (OC) of Kaliganj police station Abu Bakar Miah confirmed the incident.

In a separate incident, a garments owner has been died when he was hit by a cement-carrying truck in Cherag Ali Market area of Gazipur sadar.

The deceased was identified as Rasel Sikdar, 35, resident of Uttara in Dhaka.

OC of Tongi West Police Station Emdadul Haque said the victim died trying to cross the road by leaping over a traffic divider. 

No one was arrested in connection with the accident. Al least five people including a minor girl were killed in separate road crashes in Natore, Khagrachhari and Netrakona districts on Wednesday.

In Khagrachhari, pedestrian Mahmudul Haque, 70, was killed while three others injured in a road crash in Zero Mile area of the district town around 8 am.

Police said the accident took place when a passenger bus collided with a goods-laden pick-up van and covered van coming from opposite direction, leaving four including Mahmudul injured.

They injured were taken to Sadar Hospital where doctors declared Mahmudul dead.

In Natore, a minor child and an unidentified truck driver were killed in separate road crashes.

Sabiha, 7, daughter of Bayezid Hossain, died on the spot as a tractor ran over her in Lalor area of Singra upazila on Tuesday night, said Monirul Islam, officer-in-charge of Singra Police Station.

Sub-inspector Mozammel Haque, in-charge of Jholmolia Highway Police, said the truck driver was killed following a head on collision between two trucks in Harishpur Bypass area of the district town around 2 am.

In Netrakona, two people were killed while three others injured in a head on collision between a truck and an auto-rickshaw at Shuknaguri area in Durgapur upazila.

The deceased were identified as auto-rickshaw river Lal Chan Kha, 35, of Laxmipur and Md Azizul Mia of Lathunia village in Purbadhala upazila.

The accident took place around 12:15 pm when a sand-laden truck collided head on with the auto-rickshaw, leaving the duo dead on the spot.

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to Netrakona Modern Hospital for autopsies, the OC added. A motorcyclist schoolboy and the pillion rider, a college student, have died after the driver lost control of the two-wheeler on Khilgaon Flyover in Dhaka.

The accident occurred around 3pm on Friday, Sabujbagh Police Station OC Sohrab Hossain told bdnews24.com.

The victims are ‘Noman’, a grade nine student of a school in the neighbourhood, and ‘Tuhin’, a grade 11 student of a college.

Driver Noman lost control when he was heading towards the south at high speed after getting on the flyover from the north, the OC said.

Locals and police took the two students to nearby Khidmah Hospital where a doctor declared them dead.
 A man was killed and another injured in when a truck hit another one in Fulbagan area in the district town on Saturday morning.

The deceased was identified as Rahabul Islam, 44, hailing from Mirpur Upazila of Kushtia.

Mojammel Hossain, sub-inspector of Jhalmalia highway police, said that the accident took place when the sand-laden truck hit the Kushtia-bound potato-laden truck from behind, leaving  Rahabul, who was travelling on the truck, dead on the spot and another man Ashik, 28, injured. At least five people were killed and 15 others injured as a bus overturned on Dhaka-Rangpur highway in Jummar Ghar area in Gobindaganj upazila of Gaibandha early Saturday, reports UNB.

Three of the deceased are Riaz Uddin, from Mithapukur in Rangpur, Mahabul Islam, from Patgram in Lalmonirhat and Sunil Kumar, from Tangail.

The accident took place around 3:00am when the Burimari-bound 'Barkat Enterprise' bus overturned on the highway, leaving three people dead on the spot and 17 others injured, UNB quoted Akeruzzaman, officer-in-charge of Gobindaganj highway police to have said.

Later, two persons died on the way to hospital. At least five people were killed and 16 injured when a speeding bus overturned and fell into a ditch on Bogura-Rangpur highway in Gaibandha early today.

The deceased were identified as Reazuddin, 20, of Rangpur; Bikash Chandra Shah, 48, and Sunil Kumar Sarker,50, of Tangail; Bidhut Mia,32, and Mahabubul Islam, 22, of Lalmonirhat, our Gaibandha correspondent reports.

The Burimari-bound bus of 'Barkat Paribahan' overturned and plunged into a ditch when the driver lost control over the steering at Balua, Akeruzzaman, officer-in-charge of Gobindaganj highway police said.

Five people died on the spot and 16 others were injured in the accident, the OC said.

The driver was drowsy when the accident occurred, the police official said. Yet another ugly race between two buses took away the life of a college student at Mostafa Majir intersection of Rampura-Demra Road in the capital yesterday, sparking protests in the area.

Iram Bepari, 19, a first-year student of Golam Mostafa Model College in Demra, was hit by one of the speeding buses around 11:00am, killing him on the spot. He was on a bicycle.

The accident took place barely three weeks into university student Abrar Ahmed's killing in a road crash that triggered massive protests over unsafe roads and poor traffic management.

Iram's death coincided with separate road accidents that left at least nine people killed and 16 injured across the country yesterday.

The college student used to live with his parents at Amulia Purbapara in Demra. He had come to play cricket on a field near the Mostafa Majhir intersection, said his cousin Masudur Rahman Masud.


In the middle of the game, Iram took a friend's bicycle and headed for the bazaar on the intersection to have some water.   

Witnesses said two buses of Ramzan Paribahan and Swadhin Paribahan were racing towards Rampura at that time. The bus of Ramzan Paribahan hit Iram's bicycle and dragged him around 10 yards, they added.

""When the buses were trying to overtake each other, one made room for the bicycle while another knocked it down,” said Harez Mia, a witness.

In protest, fellow students and locals blocked the intersection after Juma prayers for two and a half hours. They put up barricades on the road with burning tyres, halting vehicular movement.

Around 15 vehicles were vandalised during the road blockade while the agitating people demanded justice for recent road accidents and construction of foot bridges and speed breakers in the area.

The blockade was removed around 4:30pm after the police high-ups assured the protesters of action. After the accident, authorities were seen constructing a speed breaker on the spot.

Earlier on July 29 last year, two college students were killed during a race between two buses in Shewra area on Airport Road in the capital, touching off a wave of protests actively participated by students of almost all educational institutions. The agitations lasted for more than a week and put Dhaka on a standstill.ANGER, FRUSTRATION
Iram's father Delwar Hossain expressed frustration over the spate of road accidents cutting the young lives short.

""What will happen if I file a case? There would be no action and such accidents will continue…” said Delwar, a ready-made garment trader in Dhaka's New Market area.

One of the protesters said, “Whenever a road accident happens or someone is killed, a footbridge or speed breaker is constructed. Is this how we want to ensure road safety?”

The relatives of Iram want stern punishment of people responsible for his untimely death.

Iram's cousin Masudur Rahman said their another cousin Imran, 28, lost his life under the wheels of a speeding bus at the same place, just three months back.

Khokon Mia, a vendor, said Iram's body was lying on the road for an hour when a patrol team of Khilgaon police was seen nearby. When locals told them to take the body to hospital, they said the area was under Demra police and they had nothing to do about it.

Police said they seized the bus of Ramzan Paribahan and also detained its driver and helper.COLLISION CLAIMS 2 LIVES
Two persons were killed and 14 others injured in a collision between a truck and a bus on Dhaka-Aricha highway in Manikganj's Shibaloy upazila yesterday.

The identity of the dead could not be known immediately.

A Paturia-bound bus of Rabeya Paribahan collided head-on with an onion-laden truck in Mushuria area around 4:30pm, said Yamin-ud Daula, in-charge of Barangail Highway Police Outpost.

The truck driver was killed on the spot while another passenger of the bus died while being taken to hospital. Fourteen passengers of the bus sustained injuries in the accident, the OC said.

The injured were rushed to Upazila Health Complex and then transferred to Manikganj District Hospital.

Four of the injured were shifted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital as their condition deteriorated, said Dr Lutfor Rahman, resident medical officer of the district hospital.

ANOTHER STUDENT KILLED
A student of Netrakona Government College, Bijoy Rabid Das, 22, was killed on Mymensingh-Kishoreganj Road in Mymensingh's Gouripur upazila around 10:15pm on Thursday.

Abdullah Al Mamun, officer-in-charge of Gouripur Police Station, said a truck and a human haulier collided head-on, leaving Bijoy dead on the spot.

Police seized the human haulier but the truck driver managed to flee with his vehicle, the OC added.

Bijoy was a former cadet corporal of BNCC at Gouripur Government College unit in 2015-2016 sessions. He passed his SSC and HSC with GPA-5 from Nurul Amin Khan High School and Gouripur Government College respectively.

TWO TEENAGERS KILLED 
Two teenagers were killed in a motorbike accident on Khilgaon flyover in the capital yesterday. They are Tajuddin Hossain Tuhin, 17, and Abdullah Al Noman, 16.

Sohrab Hossain, officer-in-charge of Sabujbagh Police Station, said the two were riding a motorbike on the flyover around 3:00pm. Their motorbike was at a speed of over 100kph.

“Noman was driving the bike. He lost control over the bike when he tried to change lane on the flyover and get on the south side,” the OC said.

At one point, the motorbike hit a road divider and fell down from the flyover. Later, when they were rushed to a nearby hospital, doctors declared them dead, the OC added.

None of them was wearing helmet, the OC said, adding both of the teenagers were residents of Wahab Colony in Bashabo.

The bodies were sent to Dhaka Medical College morgue for autopsies.

BOY KILLED IN PANCHAGARH
A 12-year-old deaf boy was killed as a truck hit his bicycle on Debiganj-Domar Road in Panchagarh's Debiganj upazila around noon yesterday.

The dead is Monir Mukit, son of Moshiur Rahman.

Mukit was crossing the road riding his bicycle as he wanted to go a nearby playground. At that time, the truck hit Mukit, leaving him dead on the spot, said witnesses.

Rabiul Hossain, officer-in-charge of Debiganj Police Station, said the body was handed over to the family yesterday evening.

The truck driver fled the scene with his vehicle, the OC added.

RICKSHAW PULLER KILLED IN CUMILLA
A rickshaw puller was killed in Cumilla's Chandina upazila as a Chattogram-bound lorry hit his cement-laden rickshaw near Madhaiya Bus Stand around 9:30am yesterday.

The dead is Abdul Alim, 33. He left behind two children.

Monirul Islam, in-charge of Eliotganj Highway Police Outpost, said two pedestrians were also injured in the accident. They were sent to Cumilla Medical College Hospital.

The body was sent to Cumilla Medical College morgue for autopsy, he added.

Police seized the lorry but the driver managed to flee from hospital after receiving primary treatment, Monirul further said.

Meanwhile, another man was killed on Jashore-Chuknagar road near Sundolpur Bazar of Jashore, reported UNB.

The dead is Jamal Hossain, 23.

He was killed as a speeding truck ran him over around 3:00am. A man was killed and another injured in when a truck hit another one in Fulbagan area in the district town on Saturday morning.

The deceased was identified as Rahabul Islam, 44, hailing from Mirpur Upazila of Kushtia.

Mojammel Hossain, sub-inspector of Jhalmalia highway police, said that the accident took place when the sand-laden truck hit the Kushtia-bound potato-laden truck from behind, leaving  Rahabul, who was travelling on the truck, dead on the spot and another man Ashik, 28, injured. A rickshaw puller was killed as a bus hit his rickshaw in Gulistan area of the city on Sunday.

The deceased was identified as Jakir Hossain, 60, of Nawabganj Upazila of Dhaka.

Dhaka Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) police out-post in-charge Bachchu Mia said Jakir was critically injured as a bus hit his rickshaw around 8 am.

He was declared dead at the hospital around 11 am, he said.

The body was sent to morgue for autopsy, he added. A rickshaw puller was killed as a bus hit his rickshaw in Gulistan area of the city on Sunday.
The deceased was identified as Jakir Hossain, 60, of Nawabganj Upazila in Dhaka. Dhaka Medical College and Hospital police out-post in-charge Bachchu Mia said that Jakir was critically injured as a bus hit his rickshaw around 8:00am.
He was declared dead at the hospital around 11:00am, he said.
The body was sent to morgue for post-mortem examinations, he added. A banana vendor was killed after a truck hit him at Sher-e-Bangla Nagar of Dhaka this morning.

Deceased Fatu Mia, 50, used to sell bananas on his rickshaw-van in Mohammadpur area.

Fatu Mia was run over by a truck around 6:30am when he was going to Mohammadpur by his rickshaw van to sell bananas after purchasing those from Karwan Bazar, said Assistant Sub-Inspector (ASI) of Sher-e-Bangla Police Station Mamun.

Locals rushed Fatu to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH) where doctor declared him dead around 7:30am, Inspector Bachchu Mia, in-charge of DMCH police outpost, told The Daily Star.

Police managed to seize the truck in Bijoy Sharani area. However, the driver managed to flee the scene, ASI Mamun also said.


Hailing from Kishoreganj, Fatu Mia used to live in the capital along with his wife and three children. A human hauler driver was crushed under the wheels of a truck and two of its passengers sustained injuries after the vehicle overturned in the district town on Tuesday morning.

The deceased could not be identified immediately.

Abu Zihad Mohammad Fakhrul Alam Khan, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station, said the driver of the human hauler (locally known as Alam Sadhu) lost control over the wheels while it was trying to overtake a sand-laden truck and turned turtle on the road.

Later, the truck ran over the human hauler driver, leaving him dead on the spot. Two motorcycle riders have died after their vehicle ploughed into the back of a stationary truck in Madaripur.

The accident occurred on the Madaripur-Shariatpur Highway in the Sadar Upazila's Mother Bazar aroud 11:30pm on Wednesday.

One of the victims has been identified as Diganto Mollah, 18. The other victim could not be identified immediately.

The two men were headed to Madaripur town from Shariatput when the accident took place, said Madaripur Sadar Model Police OC Kamrul Hassan.

""The motorcycle crumpled after slamming into the back of a stationary truck carrying goods. The two riders died on the spot.""

The bodies have been sent to the Sadar Hospital's morgue for post-mortem, said the OC. At least eight people, including three children, were killed and over 30 others injured as a bus plunged into a ditch on Bogura-Jashore road at Baniapara in Sadar upazila on Friday.

The deceased could not be identified immediately.

Sadar thana officer-in-charge Mominul Islam said the Joupurhat-bound bus from Bogura fell into a roadside ditch as its driver lost control over the steering around 1:30 pm, leaving eight people dead on the spot.

A team of fire service recovered the bodies and rescued the injured people.

Among the injured, 24 people were rushed to Adhunik District Hospital. A police sub-inspector has been killed after being run over by a covered van in Narayanganj's Bandar Upazila.

The incident occured on the Dhaka-Chattogram Highway in the Upazila's Malibag area around 5:30 am on Friday, said Bandar Police OC Rafiqul Islam. 

The deceased Farid Ahmed, 38, was appointed as a sub-inspector of Kachpur Highway Police in 2018, said Kachpur Highway Police OC Mohammad Kaiyum.

""A Dhaka-bound covered van hit SI Farid, killing him on the spot,"" said OC Rafiqul.

The driver subsequently left the vehicle behind and fled the scene, he added. At least eight people, including three children, were killed and over 30 others injured as a bus plunged into a ditch on Bogura-Jashore road at Baniapara in Sadar upazila on Friday, UNB reports.


The deceased could not be identified immediately.

Sadar thana officer-in-charge Mominul Islam said the Joupurhat-bound bus from Bogura fell into a roadside ditch as its driver lost control over the steering around 1:30 pm, leaving eight people dead on the spot.

A team of fire service recovered the bodies and rescued the injured people.

Among the injured, 24 people were rushed to Adhunik District Hospital.
 A police officer was killed after a lorry ran him over on the Dhaka-Chattogram highway at Bandar upazila of Narayanganj this morning.

Deceased Farid Ahmed, 38, hailing from Habiganj, was a sub-inspector of Kanchpur Highway Police Station, reports our local correspondent.

Rafiqul Islam, officer-in-charge of Bandar Police Station, said a Dhaka-bound lorry hit Farid in Malibag area around 6:00am while he was on traffic duty.

He died on the spot. Police recovered the body of the dead officer and sent it to Narayanganj General Hospital morgue.

The vehicle has been seized, but the driver managed to flee. More than 200 primary schools are running their academic activities in shabby and old buildings in nine upazilas of the district, putting lives of young learners at risk.

Teachers and guardians said accident like the Barguna one may take place any time if the authorities concerned don’t take any initiative to repair those immediately.

District Education office sources said they have identified 20 buildings as risky among 127 primary schools in the city. Considering their hazardous condition, classes of several schools are being held in some other school buildings keeping the risky ones closed.

Besides, District Education office identified 37 risky school buildings in Koyra upazila, 14 in Dumuria, 30 in Terokhada, 19 in Dacop, 12 in Dighlia, 25 in Paikgachha, six in Fultola, 40 in Batiaghata and six in Rupsha upazila.

On April 6, Mansura, a third-grader of PK Government Primary School and daughter of Najib HossainTalukdar of Gendamara village in Taltoli upazila of Barguna district, was killed and three others were injured as a portion of the  ceiling of the school collapsed on them.

Following the accident, the government on April 7 asked the district primary education officers to identify very risky buildings of govt primary schools across the country and inform it within 15 workdays.

The Primary and Mass Education Ministry issued an office order in this regard.

It said assistance of upazila engineers, local government division, can be sought to identify the risky buildings if necessary.

ASM Sirajuddoha, district primary education officer, said upazila education officers were instructed to make a list of risky buildings in their upazilas visiting  the primary schools. Most risky buildings have already been declared abandoned. Besides, academic activities of some schools are being conducted from other schools to avoid risks. In Madaripur, two people were killed in a road crash in the Sadar upazila of the Madaripur district on Wednesday night

 
At least six people were killed in accidents at separate spots on roads in four districts of the country on Wednesday night and Thursday. 

In Madaripur, two people were killed in a road crash in the Sadar upazila of the Madaripur district on Wednesday night.

Deceased Diganta Molla, 18, and Sumon, 18, hailed from the Shariatpur district, said Sadar police station Officer-in-Charge Kamrul Islam. 

They were both SSC candidates this year and were awaiting their results.

A motorcycle they were riding was hit hard by goods-laden truck from behind at Matherbazar around 11:30pm, leaving the two riders dead on the spot. 

The bodies were sent to the Sadar Hospital morgue, OC Kamrul said.

In Chapainawabganj, a person was killed when he was run over by a tractor at Kalinagar Bokripara of the Sundarpur union under the Chapainawabganj Sadar upazila on Thursday.

The deceased were identified as Aliul, 18, son of Abdul Karim of Kalinagar Mirerchara village.

Officer-in-Charge (Operation) of the Chapainawabganj Sadar Model police station said, Aliul was run over by a tractor when he was returning home from the Kalinagar Bazar at around 8am.

Critically injured Aliul died on the way to hospital.

Being informed, police recovered the body and sent it to the Chapainawabganj Sadar Hospital morgue for autopsy.

In Pabna, two women were killed on the Pabna-Chatmohor highway when a truck rammed into a battery-run auto-rickshaw in the Banglabazar area of the district on Thursday morning.

The deceased were identified as Hasina Khatun,45, of the Sadar upazila and Firoza Khatun, 48, of Loskorpur village in the district.

According to police sources, the truck coming from Pabna Sadar hit the auto-rickshaw in the area leaving its passengers Hasina and Firoza critically injured.

Later, they were sent to the Pabna Sadar Hospital where the doctor declared them dead.

Chatmohar police station Officer-in-Charge Sheikh Nasir Uddin confirmed the incident.

In Gaibandha, a construction worker  was killed in a road accident in the Sundarganj upazila on Thursday morning.

The deceased was identified as Azadul Islam, 28, son of Chand Mian of the Shantiram village.

According to police sources, a goods laden truck hit Azadul leaving him dead on the spot in the Shovaganj bazar while he was going to his work place in the Sundarganj town on a bicycle.

Sundarganj police station Officer-in-Charge SM Abdus Sobhan confirmed the incident. At least eight people, including three children, were killed and 20 others injured when a passenger bus veered off the road and fell into a ditch in Bangladesh on Friday.

The accident took place in the country's Joypurhat district, 249 km northwest of Dhaka, in the afternoon, the Daily Star reported.


The bus fell into the ditch in Baniapara area on Bogur-Joypurhat highway after its driver lost control over the steering, said Masud Rana, a firefighter who was engaged in rescue operation at the spot.

The bus was heading towards Bogura from Joypurhat, he added.

District's police chief Rashidul Hasan confirmed the toll and said rescue operation was continuing. An assistant sub- inspector of police was killed as a speeding truck hit his motorcycle on the Rangpur-Bogura highway at Baldipakur in Mithapakur upazila on Saturday noon.

The deceased was identified as Jitendra Nath, an assistant sub-inspector of Shibganj police circle in Bogra district and son of Chandra Singh of Nilphamari.

Officer-in-Charge of Mithapukur Police Station Abu Zafar Biswas said the accident took place as the speeding truck hit Jitendra’s motorcycle and ran him over, leaving him dead on the spot around 2pm.

On information, police recovered his body and sent it a local hospital for autopsy, the OC added. Eight people including three children and five women were killed as a Jaipurhat-bound bus from Bogura plunged into roadside ditch at Baniapara in Jaipurhat on Friday.
Twenty-one people were also injured in the accident and conditions of five of them were stated to be critical. They are being treated at different hospitals in Jaipurhat.
Five of the dead could be identified as Sharmin, 17, a resident of Ambari of Palashbari, Humaira, 7, of Karia of Panchbibi, Hena Khatun, 38, of Kadirpur of Kalai, Jakia Khatun, 65, of Ratanpur in Panchbibi, and Rita Munmun, 16, of of Pirganj in Rangpur. Identities of the remaining three could unidentified. 
Jaipurhat Fire Service and Civil Defense inspector Sirajul Islam said that the accident occurred around 1:30pm after a Jaipurhat-bound bus from Bogura lost control and plunged into a roadside ditch.
He said that the accident took place at Baniapara of Jaipurhat sadar upazila as the driver of the bus did not reduce speed while driving on a rickety road.
Identity of the driver could not be known immediately as he and his assistant fled the scene immediate after the accident, he said.
Rescuers said the bus so badly damaged that forced them to cut the structure of the bus into pieces to rescue the trapped passengers and take out bodies.
Witnesses said that fire service arrived at the scene half an hour after the accident.
The place of occurrence was on a 45-km stretch of road which the transport workers consider dangerous for its exceptionally bad condition. 
The road lies riddled with big potholes for about five months since its metal surface was completely removed for replaced with new layer of carpeting.
‘Contractors abandoned the road construction work for reasons not known to public,’ said Jahangir Alam, president of Jaipurhat district’s motor shramik union. He said that authorities were fully aware of potential dangers from driving on such a road.
‘The accident could have been avoided had the construction work finished in time,’ he said.
At least five people were killed on the road in past five months, he added. 
A pal of gloom descended upon Jaipurhat as soon as the news of accident was spread. Screams of accident victims filled the air at the hospital.
Relatives of the injured passenger demanded government assistance in treatment and compensation.
Another elderly man died in a road accident in Gangni of Meherpur on the day.
In Meherpur, Siddiqur Rahman, 65, was killed on the spot as a truck ran over him at Haridaha of Gangni on Friday morning.
Gangni police station officer-in-charge Harendranath Sarker told New Age locals caught the truck driver. 
In the past three months, 1,220 people were killed and 2,045 were injured 1,126 traffic accidents, according to a report compiled by Accident Research Institute of the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology based on reports published in four newspapers.
The number of deaths in road accidents in January-March period increased by about 28 per cent compared to 2018 and 49 per cent compared to 2017.
Road accidents and deaths in such accidents increased amid student protests, in July 2018 and in March 2019, for road safety.
Police data shows in 2018, there were 2,609 traffic accidents, in which there were 2,635 deaths and 1,920 injured. 
In 2017, 2,513 people were killed and 1,898 were injured in 2,562 accidents; whereas in 2016, 2,463 people were killed and 2,134 injured in 2,566 accidents; and in 2015, 2,376 people were killed and 1,958 injured in 2,394 accidents, the data shows. A woman was killed while her daughter and two grandchildren injured as an auto-rickshaw overturned after being hit by a locomotive at Kadamtoli rail crossing in the port city on Friday night.

The deceased was identified as Arofa Begum, 57, while the injured are Taskima Begum, 35, her two daughters Meghla 13, and Srabon, 12, of Eidgah Mansurabad area.

Quoting witnesses, police said the accident took place around 9pm when the locomotive hit the auto-auto rickshaw while it was crossing the rail tracks.

The auto-rickshaw overturned on the road, leaving Arofa dead on the spot and three others injured.

The injured were admitted at Chattogram Medical College Hospital. Another businessman was also injured in the accident

 
A businessman have been killed in a road accident after being pinned down by an overturned truck in Jhenaidah.

The incident occurred in Kharikhali area in Jhenaidah Sadar upazila around 6am on Saturday.

The deceased - Anisur Rahman - was from Dohakhola village of Jessore's Bagherpara upazila.

Another businessman - Sourabh - was also injured in the accident. He has been taken to Jhenaidah Sadar Hospital for treatment.

Jhenaidah Fire Service Duty Officer Mahidul Islam told Dhaka Tribune: ""A Khulna-bound truck carrying vegetables lost control and turned over on the side of the road. Anisur and Sourabh got trapped under the bus.

""They were then taken to Jhenaidah Sadar Hospital, where the duty doctors declared Anisur dead, while the injured Sourabh remained in critical condition.""

Jhenaidah Sadar police station Officer-in-Charge (OC) Mizanur Rahman, confirming the matter to Dhaka Tribune, said: ""The injured Sourabh is undergoing treatment at the hospital."" Over 8 people have died and some 20 more were wounded when a passenger bus swerved off the road and plunged into a ditch in Bangladesh's Joypurhat district, 249 km northwest of capital Dhaka, on Friday.

Rashidul Hasan, the district's police chief confirmed that the crash took place at about1:30 p.m. (local time) on Friday as the bus driver failed to control the steering and fell the vehicle into a ditch. 

He added: ""The passenger bus fell into a roadside ditch, leaving eight passengers dead on the spot and some 20 were injured.""

Bangladesh is prone to high levels of road crashes which care mainly blamed on shoddy highways, badly maintained vehicles, breach of traffic laws by inept drivers and negligence of the traffic department. Two students were killed as a truck crashed into their motorcycle on Tangail-Bhuapur Road at Adabari in Kalihati upazila on Sunday noon. 

The deceased were identified as Abdus Sattar, 17, son of Mokhlesur Rahman and a Class-XI student, and Selim, 18, son of Dulal Mia, who appeared in this year’s SSC examination. They were residents of Analiabari village in the upazila.

Quoting locals, Mir Mosharraf Hossain, officer-in-charge of Kalihati Police Station, said Sattar and Selim were going to Bhuapur from Elenga by a bike to celebrate Pahela Baishakh.

The truck hit their bike around noon, leaving them dead on the spot. 

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to Tangail General Hospital morgue for autopsy, the OC added. A woman was killed being hit by a motorcycle in Binapani area of Koyra upazila on Sunday morning.

The deceased was identified as Chini Rani Barman, 62, wife of Nagendra Nath Barman.

Local Union Parishad Member Samoresh Samaddhar said the motorcycle hit the woman while she was crossing Binapani road, leaving her critically injured.

The injured was taken to Koira upazila health complex where doctors declared her dead. Two students were killed as a truck crashed into their motorcycle on Tangail-Bhuapur Road at Adabari in Kalihati upazila on Sunday noon. 

The deceased were identified as Abdus Sattar, 17, son of Mokhlesur Rahman and a Class-XI student, and Selim, 18, son of Dulal Mia, who appeared in this year’s SSC examination. They were residents of Analiabari village in the upazila.

Quoting locals, Mir Mosharraf Hossain, officer-in-charge of Kalihati Police Station, said Sattar and Selim were going to Bhuapur from Elenga by a bike to celebrate Pahela Baishakh.

The truck hit their bike around noon, leaving them dead on the spot. 

On information, police recovered the bodies and sent those to Tangail General Hospital morgue for autopsy, the OC added. 2 were students

 
Three people died in separate road accidents in Tangail and Jamalpur. 

The accidents occurred on Sunday.

In Tangail, two students were killed in a road accident in Kalihati upazila of the district at 12pm.

The deceased, indentified as Sattar (17), son of Mokles from Analiyabari in Kalihati upazila, a student of class eleven, and Selim (18), son of Dulal and an SSC examinee. 

According to Police and Fire service, a truck hit their motorbike when they reached Jodurpara Mor. They were going to Bhuiyapur to celebrate Noboborsho. The two died on the spot and later, the police recovered their bodies.

Meer Mosharrof Hossain, officer in charge of Kalihati, confirmed the incident. 

In Jamalpur, a woman died, run over by a sand-laden trolley in Bakshiganj. 

The accident took place in Jobbarganj Bazar around 8am on Sunday.

The deceased has been identified as Amena Begum (50), wife of Nur Alom of Kheyarchar village in Merurchar Union of Bakshiganj upazila.

According to the police and locals, Amena was standing at Jobbarganj Bazar near her house, when a trolley hit her. Severely injured Amena was immediately taken to the Bakshiganj health complex. Later, as her condition worsened, she was transferred to Jamalpur General Hospital . She died enroute to the hospital at 11am. 

Confirming the accident, A M Mahbub Alom, officer in charge of Bakshiganj police station, said:""No complaint has yet been filed by the family of the deceased."" Four other have been killed in separate road accidents across country    

 
Three people were killed when a Bangladesh Railway Maitree Express train hit a cattle pick-up truck, killing its driver and two cattle traders, at a rail-crossing in Kamarkhand upazila’s Raidaulatpur union in Sirajganj.

The deceased were identified as the driver, Sujan Ali Surjo, 40, cattle traders Rafikul Islam and Nehar Uddin, 36.

Kamarkhand police station OC Habibul Islam confirmed the matter.

Separate road accidents have killed at least four people and injured seven others across the country on Saturday.

The accidents took place in Rajbari, Jhenaidah, and Cox’s Bazar districts.

In Rajbari, a rickshaw-puller with physical disabilities was killed when a sand-laden truck ran him over in the Rajbari Sadar rail-gate area around 8am.

The deceased was Subrata Sarker, 35. The rickshaw passenger, Sabina Yeasmin, 40, was severely injured at the time.

The truck driver’s assistant was detained from the scene, confirmed Rajbari Sadar police station Duty Officer, Kiran Chandra Mandal.

In Jhenaidah, two people were killed in two separate accidents.

An eight year old was killed when a truck crushed him in Katlabari bazaar in Shailkupa upazila.

The deceased was Anik Hossain, confirmed Shailkupa police station OC Ayubur Rahman.

In another accident, a trader was killed when a goods-laden truck overturned and crushed him in Khalilhari of Sadar upazila.

The deceased was Anisur Rahman. Another trader named Saurav was injured at the time.

Jhenaidah Sadar police station OC, Mizanur Rahman, confirmed the matter.

In Cox’s Bazar, a person was killed and five others injured, when a Shyamoli Paribahan bus hit a Laguna on Notun Rasta in Chakaria upazila.

The deceased was identified as Nasiruddin, 40.

Chakaria Ring Highway Police OC, Saidul Islam, confirmed the matter. A woman was killed and 2 others were injured as a bus ran over them in front of Silabari bridge in Nagarkanda upazila here on Monday.

The deceased was identified as Rafeja, a resident of the area.

Mijanur Rahman, officer in-charge of Nagarkanda police station, said a passenger bus hit the trio on Faridpur-Chandhat regional road around 11am, leaving Rafeja dead on the spot and two others injured.

The injured were taken to Faridpur Medical College and Hospital.

Angered by the accident, locals blocked the road with a tree log, disrupting vehicular movement for an hour.

On information, police brought the situation under control. The dead has been identified as Md Khokon, 40, a worker of Sinha Textiles Mills. He resided with his family in Kachpur.  

The incident occurred in Jatrabari's Mir Hazirbagh area around 5pm on Monday, said Khokon's friend Kamal Sardar.

The two of them were headed to Dholaipar on a rickshaw late on Monday afternoon when a 'Laguna' collided with the vehicle, he told bdnews24.com. They were flung out of the rickshaw in the accident and Khokon sustained a head injury in the process.

Khokon was subsequently rushed to the Dhaka Medical College Hospital, where doctors on duty declared him dead.

The driver of the 'Laguna' has been arrested, said Demra Police OC Kazi Wazed Ali. Two workers have been killed and nine others injured as a truck crashed into a pickup they were travelling in on Rupsa-Khan Jahan Ali Bridge in Rupsa upazila.

The deceased were identified as Md Hasan, 45, of Baghmara village, and Farid Sheikh, 28, of Samantosen village in the upazila. They were workers of Sarah Super Store, regional distributor of Bashundhara LP Gas.

Shafiqul Islam, officer-in-charge of Labanchhara Police Station, said the sand-laden truck hit the pickup from behind around 10:30pm on Saturday while trying to overtake it.

The accident left two workers dead on the spot. woman was killed and two others were injured as a bus ran over them in front of Silabari Bridge in Nagarkanda upazila in Faridpur on Monday.
The deceased was identified as Rafeja, a resident of the area.
Mijanur Rahman, officer in-charge of Nagarkanda police station, said a bus hit the trio on Faridpur-Chandhat regional road around 11:00am, leaving Rafeja dead on the spot and two others injured.
The injured were taken to Faridpur Medical College and Hospital.
Following the accident, local people blocked the road with a tree log, disrupting vehicular movement for an hour.
On information, police brought the situation under control. At least 6 individuals have been injured

 
Five individuals have died, and six others have been injured, in separate road accidents in Dhaka, Gopalganj, and Jessore.

The accidents occurred on Tuesday.

In Dhaka, a pedestrian named Debraj Chandra Das, 40, died in a motorbike accident around 6am on Tuesday.

A motorbike hit him while he was crossing roads in Notun Bazar of Badda. 

Bachchu Mia, inspector of Dhaka Medical College police outpost, said: ""Debraj Chandra was brought to DMCH around 6:30am when the doctors declared him dead."" 

He had been going to Dhaka Cantonment, said Emon Chandra Das, son of the deceased.

In Gopalganj, one individual died after a bus collided with a motorbike, in Pinguliya of Kashiyani upazila, on the Dhaka-Khulna highway.

Deceased Munni Aktar, 17, was the daughter of Murad Shekh of Chandani village in Boyalmari upazila of Faridpur. 

Md Azizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Kashiyani police station, confirming the incident said: ""Two women and a man were heading to Gopalganj, from Boyalmari, on a motorbike. As they arrived near the Dhaka-Khulba highway, a bus of Dola Paribahan hit it. The three were taken to Kashiyani Upazila Health Complex. There the doctors declared Munni dead."" 

In a separate accident in Gopalganj, one died after a private car lost control and collided with a tree in Ghonapara of Kashiyani upazila in Gopalganj at 11:30am on Tuesday.

The deceased, Shamsunnahar, was the wife of Moulana Akram Ali of Salta in Faridpur. 

Nur Mohammod, station officer of Gopalganj fire service, confirming this, said: ""The injured individuals have been admitted to Gopalganj General Hospital"".

In a separate incident, a sand-laden truck crashed into a canal after an old bridge collapsed in Gopalganj. The driver of the truck died on the spot. The accident took place in Patikel Bari village of Ujani union in Maksudpur upazila of Gopalganj around 6:30pm on Monday.

Deceased Shakil Shekh was the son of late Ayub Ali Shekh of Gangarampur village in Maksudpur upazila in Gopalganj.

Md Mizanur Rahman, Sub-Inspector of Maksudpur police station, has confirmed the incident.

In Jessore, Selim Hossain, 57, a policeman, was crushed by a train.

The incident took place at the Murli Railcrossing of Shohortoli in Jessore around 12pm on Tuesday.

Tarikul Islam, Sub-inspector of Jessore GRP police station, has confirmed the incident. The incident took place in front of the Upazila Parishad around 10am on Wednesday, said Meherpur Sadar Police Station OC Shah Dara.

The dead has been identified as Atab Ali Master, headmaster of Dariapur Government Primary School in the Mujibnagar Upazila. He was also a freedom fighter.

 The injured Halima Khatun has been admitted to Meherpur Sadar Hospital.
""Atab was going to Mujibnagar from Meherpur on a motorcycle with his wife when a truck rammed into the vehicle from behind. He was killed on the spot,"" said OC Shah.

The truck was later seized with the help of locals, added the OC. A man was killed when a truck hit him at Salutikor-Goainghat road at toakul Bazar in Goainghat upazila early Wednesday.

The deceased was identified as Abdul Khaleque, 33, son of Bacchu Mia of the upazila.

Inspector Rajiullah Khan, in-charge of Salutikor police camp, said the accident took place around 12:30 am when a truck hit him while he was returning home, leaving him critically injured.

Later, he was taken to Osmani Medicl College Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries around 3 am. Two cattle traders were killed and five others injured as a cattle-carrying human hauler overturned at Moukhara Bazar in Baraigram upazila on Wednesday morning.

The deceased were identified as Selim, 38, son of Thandu Paramanik of Nawdajowari village in the upazila and Mohammad Ali, 40, son of Mohendi Ali of Gurudaspur upazila.

Dilip Kumar Das, officer-in-charge of Baraigram Police Station, said the human hauler overturned as the driver lost control around 11am, leaving seven injured.

Of them, Selim and Ali were taken to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital where doctors declared them dead, the OC added. Two cattle traders were killed and five others injured as a cattle-carrying human hauler overturned at Moukhara Bazar in Baraigram upazila on Wednesday morning. 

The deceased were identified as Selim, 38, son of Thandu Paramanik of Nawdajowari village in the upazila and Mohammad Ali, 40, son of Mohendi Ali of Gurudaspur upazila, reports UNB. Three people were killed as a bus rammed a human hauler on Dinajpur-Phulbari road at Chuniapara in sadar upazila on Thursday.

The identity of the deceased could not be known immediately.

Rezwanur Rahim, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station, said the accident took place around 9:30 am when the bus hit a human hauler, leaving three killed on the spot.

On information, police rushed in and sent the bodies to a local hospital morgue. A man was killed and his wife injured as a truck crushed them in Meherpur municipality area yesterday. The deceased was identified as Attab Ali, 56, a resident in the town. 

He was the headmaster at Dariapur Govt primary school, reports BSS. Local people said the accident took place morning in the area. The truck crushed Attab and his wife Morjina as they fell in the street from their motorcycle. At least four people including a man and his daughter were killed and two others injured in separate road accidents in Feni and Dinajpur districts on Thursday.

In Dinajpur, Three people were killed and two others injured as a bus rammed a human hauler on Dinajpur-Phulbari road at Chuniapara in sadar upazila on Thursday.

The deceased were identified as Ashraful Islam, 35, son of Afsar Ali and his daughter Ivy, 10, of Bagatipara in Natore district and Sajdar Ali, 48, a human hauler driver.
 
Redwanur Rahim, officer-in-charge of Kotwali Police Station, said the accident took place around 9:30 am when the Dinajpur-bound bus hit a human hauler, leaving three killed on the spot and two others injured.

The injured were taken to local hospital.

On information, police rushed in and sent the bodies to a local hospital morgue.

In Feni, Rubel, 25, a helper of an ambulance and son of Sumon of Daganbhuiyan upazila was killed in a head-on collision with a covered van on Feni-Noakhali highway in Daganbhuiyan upazila in the morning, said Saleh Ahmed, officer-in-charge of Daganbhuiyan Police Station. Four injured are being treated at M Abdur Rahim Medical College and Hospital

 
At least three people have been killed—and four others injured—in a collision between a bus and a three-wheeler in Chuniapara area, under Sadar upazilla of Dinajpur.

The deceased are Ivy, 10; her father Ashraful, 32; and Saddar Khalifa, 48. They were from the same village of Jamalpur under Bagatipara police station, Natore.

Dinajpur Kotwali police station Officer-in-Charge Redwanul Rahim told Dhaka Tribune: ""A bus collided head-on with a three-wheeler around 9:30am on Thursday, killing the trio on the spot.”

He said the injured have been admitted to M Abdur Rahim Medical College and Hospital. At least five people including two of a family were killed in separate road accidents in Dinajpur and Feni today.

Of the deceased, three people including a man and his daughter were killed in Dinajpur while two others in Feni, our local correspondents report.

In Dinajpur, a bus was heading towards Phulbari upazila from Dinajpur town, said Redwanur Rahim, officer-in-charge of Sadar Police Station.

When the bus reached Chuniapara on Dinajpur-Gobindaganj road around 10:00am, it rammed a battery-run auto-rickshaw, leaving three people dead on the spot and four others injured.

Detail of deceased yet to be known immediately.


Locals and fire fighters from Fire Service and Civil Defence rescued the injured and took them to M Abdur Rahim Medical College Hospital for treatment, the OC said.

In Feni, two people – Rubel, 25, and another unknown aged 50 – were killed in separate road accidents in Sadar and Daganbhuiya upazilas this morning, our correspondent reports.

Police sent the bodies to Feni Sadar Hospital for autopsy. A minor boy was killed and four others injured in a head-on collision between an auto-rickshaw and a truck on Dhaka-Sylhet highway at Ramail in sadar upazila on Friday morning.

The deceased was identified as auto-rickshaw passenger Hanif Mia, 4, son of Morshed Ali of Duruil village in Nabinagar upazila.

Sub-inspector Narayan Chandra Das of Sadar Police Station said the accident took place when a speeding truck collided head on with the auto-rickshaw, leaving Hanif dead on the spot.

Pedestrians rushed in and took the injured to Sadar Hospital, he said.

Police seized the killer truck, but its driver managed to flee the scene, he added Two people including a Rohinya refugee were killed and 11 others injured in a road accident on Cox’s Bazar-Teknaf road in Cox’s Bazar’s Teknaf upazila.
The incident was reported from Hrila area of the upazla on Friday (Apr 19).
The deceased have been identified as Gura Mia, 45, son of Abu Shama from Jimongkhali area of the upazila and Md Ayas, 20, son of Abdul Haque, a refugee of Ukhiya’s Balukhali Rohingya camp.
Teknaf police OC Prodip Kumar Das said the accident took place when a motorcycle collided head-on with a Magic Gari (locally-made vehicle) in the area around 12:30 pm, leaving all injured on the spot.
The wounded, mostly Rohingya refugees, were taken to IOM Hospital at Leda where Haji Gura and Ayaj succumbed to their injuries, he added.
A case was filed in this connection. A minor boy was killed and four others injured in a head-on collision between an auto-rickshaw and a truck on Dhaka-Sylhet highway at Ramail in sadar upazila on Friday morning.

The deceased was identified as auto-rickshaw passenger Hanif Mia, 4, son of Morshed Ali of Duruil village in Nabinagar upazila.

Sub-inspector Narayan Chandra Das of Sadar Police Station said the accident took place when a speeding truck collided head on with the auto-rickshaw, leaving Hanif dead on the spot.

Pedestrians rushed in and took the injured to Sadar Hospital, he said.

Police seized the killer truck, but its driver managed to flee the scene, he added. A deadly crash on the Mirpur Beribadh threw the two involved vehicles – a giant cement mixer and a small pick-up van – off the road today, leaving all parties miraculously alive.

The incident took place on the Mirpur-AshuliaBeribadh around 4:00pm this afternoon, said Shafiqul Islam, senior station officer at Uttara Fire Service and Civil Defence.

“It was a high speed collision. The cement mixer was heading towards Ashulia and the pick-up van was headed towards Dhaka, in the opposite direction,” he said.

The resulting collision threw both vehicles off the road and some 30 feet down to the ditch.

Three units of fire fighters reached the spot and rescued pick-up van driver Md Faruque, 29, with broken limbs, and a cook Momin Hossain, 35, in a bruised shape.


The driver of the cement mixer managed to flee from the spot. A total of three students of the university were injured on Friday as a private car hit a motorcycle near Mir Mosharaf Hossain hall on the campus.

The injured students were identified as Maruf, Sujon and Abdur Rahman of Public Health Department.

University proctor Firoz-ul-Hasan said the injured were sent to Enam Medical College and Hospital. A man was killed and another injured after a bus hit a motorcycle on Khulna-Mongla road in Rampal Upazila on Friday.

The deceased was identified as Sanjay Kumar, 35, of Fotehpur village of Sadar Upazila.

Md Robiul Islam, officer-in-charge of Katakhali highway police, said a Khulna-bound bus collided head-on with a motorcycle around 3pm injuring two riders.

Doctors pronounced Sanjay dead after he was taken to the hospital.

Police seized the bus but its driver and his assistant managed to flee. The incidents took place in, Mymensingh, Dinajpur, Jhenaidah, Kushtia, and Chittagong on Saturday

 
At least nine people were killed and several others injured in road accidents in five districts across the country.

The incidents took place in, Mymensingh, Dinajpur, Jhenaidah, Kushtia, and Chittagong on Saturday.

In Mymensingh, at least four people, including a woman, were killed and two others injured when a truck hit an auto-rickshaw and a human-hauler on Mymensingh-Haluaghat road at Alalpur in the city.

The deceased were identified as Yunus, 60, Kuddus, 38, Mustafijur Rahman, 62 and his wife Rahima Khatun, 50, reports UNB.

Kotwali police station OC Mahmudul Islam said: “The truck driver lost control when a tire was punctured. It fell into a ditch after hitting the two vehicles.”

Police recovered the bodies and sent them to a local hospital for autopsy, he added.

In Kushtia, two people were killed in separate road accidents in Trimohoni area in sadar upazila, and Ranakharia area in Mirpur upazila. 

The deceased are Sabu Mandal, 45, and Ramjan Ali Pramanik, 65.

Kushtia Highway police station Sub-Inspector Joynul Islam said: “Ramjan Ali was crushed under a truck when the vehicle overturned on Kushtia-Iswardi highway in Ranakharia area of Mirpur upazila around 8:30am.

""Eariler in the day, Sabu Mandal was killed when a truck hit his van on bypass road in Trimohoni area around 6am. Two passengers on his van were injured,"" the SI added. 

In Dinajpur, a man was killed after being run over by a tractor in front of the Barapukuria Power Station. 

The deceased, Shamiul Islam Shukhu, 35, was a coal miner at Barapukuria coal mine.

Barapukuria police outpost In-Charge Md Sirajul Islam said: “Police recovered the body and seized the tractor.” 

In Jhenaidah, a man died after he was run over by an unidentified vehicle in Dudhsar area in Shailkupa upazila.

The deceased, Bashir Ali, 50, was a van driver.

Shailkupa police station OC Kazi Ayub Rahman said the police recovered his body after his van was run over.

In Chittagong, a man died and another was injured after a truck carrying tobacco overturned on top of them in the Lohagara upazila.

The deceased, identified as Md Ayub Ali, 23, was a construction worker.

The injured Jalal Ahmad, also a construction worker, was taken to Chittagong Medical College Hospital.

Lohagara police Sub-Inspector Ajay Deb Sheel said: “Police handed over the body to his family members and seized the truck but its driver fled.” At least five people including a woman were killed and three others injured following a head-on collision between a truck and an auto-rickshaw on Mymensingh-Haluaghat road in Alalpur area of Mymensingh on Saturday morning.


The identities of the deceased could not be known immediately.

The accident took place around 11am when the auto-rickshaw collided with the truck, leaving three dead on the spot and four injured, said Mahmudul Islam, officer-in-charge of Kotowali Police Station.

One of the injured died on the way and another one died at the Mymensingh Medical College Hospital, the OC added.
 Both of them were run over by trucks

 
Two people have been killed in separate road accidents in Kushtia.

The incidents occurred in Trimohoni area in sadar upazila, and Ranakharia area in Mirpur upazila Saturday morning. 

The deceased are Sabu Mandal, 45, son Gyada Mandal of Mirzanagar village in Mirpur upazila, and Ramjan Ali Pramanik, 65, son of Abdul Wahed Pramanik of Ranakharia area.

Joynul Islam, sub-inspector of Kushtia Highway police station confirmed the matter to Dhaka Tribune. 

He said: ""Sexagenarian Ramjan Ali was crushed under a truck when the vehicle turned turtle during an u-turn on Kushtia-Iswardi highway in front of Jyoti filling station in Ranakharia area of Mirpur upazila around 8:30am.""

""On the other hand, van-puller Sabu Mandal was killed when a truck hit the van on bypass road in Trimohoni area around 6am leaving two other passengers of the van injured,"" the SI added. At least three people were killed in separate road accidents in Natore, Manikganj and Rangamati on Sunday.

In Natore, a businessman was killed when a truck hit a motorcycle at Bonpra Bypass area of Boraigram upazila.

The deceased was identified as Liton, 30, transport trader of Bhobanipur village, said Officer-in-Charge of Bonpara Highway police Abdul Alim.
    
Police seized the truck and detained its driver after the accident, he said.

In Manikganj, another man was killed as a Dhaka-bound covered van hit him while he was crossing the road in Chorerdanga area of Shibaloy Upazila in the early hour.

The deceased was identified as Azad Talukdar, 55, son of Aktar Uddin Talukdar. He was a transport worker of Sakura Paribahan.

Sub-Inspector Amir Hossain of Boronggail Highway Police outpost said they seized the covered van but its driver managed to flee.

The body was sent to Sadar Hospital for autopsy, he said.

In Rangamati, a day labourer died and four others were injured when a tree laden tractor overturned at Sajek of Baghaichhari upazila on Saturday night.

The deceased was identified as Tonoy Chakma, 27, son of Ushar Kanti Chakma.
The injured were taken to Dighinala Health Complex.

Officer-in-charge of Sajek Police Station Nurul Anowar confirmed the matter. The accidents occurred in Jessore, Jhenaidah, Tangail, Thakurgaon and Satkhira

 
At least five people were killed and several others injured in road accidents across Bangladesh.

The accidents took place in Jessore, Jhenaidah, Tangail, Thakurgaon, and Satkhira on Saturday and Sunday, our correspondents confirmed.

In Jessore, a bicyclist died on the spot in a collision between a bicycle and a motorcycle on the Dholga-Bosundia bypass road, near Kabilpur area in Baghapara upazila, on Sunday.

The deceased could not immediately identified. The accident also left the motorcyclist, Murad Hossain, 35, injured.

In Jhenaidah, a motorcyclist died after being hit by a truck on the Shailkupa-Katlagari road near Satgachi area on Sunday.

The deceased, Dabir Uddin, 50, died on his way to Faridpur Medical College Hospital.

In Tangail, a man died in a head-on collision between a truck and a van on the Sakhipur-Sagardighi road in Ghatail upazila on Sunday.

The deceased, 45-year-old van driver Badshah Miya, died on the spot.

In Thakurgaon, a man died when a motorcycle collided with a three-wheeler on the Ranisankail-Thakurgaon highway on Saturday. 

The deceased, Sagor, 21, died on the way to Rangpur Medical College Hospital.   

In Satkhira, a man died after being run over by a truck on the Jessore-Satkhira highway on Saturday.

The deceased was identified as Abdus Sattar, 45. 

Speaking to Dhaka Tribune, Kalaroa police station OC Moniruzzaman said the truck driver had been detained, and the vehicle had been impounded. 

“Filing of a case in this connection is under process,” he added. At least two people were killed and two injured as two buses hit a private car and two rickshaws in Matsya Bhaban intersection area of Dhaka this morning.

Sub-inspector Bacchu Miah, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH), said that the accident took place around 7:45am when the two buses including one of 'Swadhin Paribahan' with the private car and hit two rickshaws, leaving four people injured.

The injured were taken to DMCH where doctors declared two of them dead.

However, the details about accident and the deceased could not be known immediately. A minor boy was killed in a road accident at Sonatangra village in Chandahor union under Singair Upazila in Manikganj on Tuesday. 

The victim was identified as Atiqul Islam,11, son of Bachchu Mia of the village.

Police sources said the accident occurred in the area around 10:45am when a soil loaded truck ran over him, while he was crossing the road, he died on the spot.

Police in association with local people seized the truck but its driver and helper managed to escape.

The body was sent to Manikganj Sadar Hospital morgue for autopsy.

A case was filed with Singair Police Station in this connection, police said. A man was killed and two others injured after a bus hit a rickshaw van at Bonpara in Boraigram upazila on Tuesday morning.

The deceased was identified as Sripad Das, 55, resident of Kalikapur village in the upazila.

Police said that the accident took place around 10:30am when the passenger bus hit the battery-run rickshaw van in front to Bonpara police investigation camp, leaving three injured.

Among the injured, Sripad died on the way to hospital. A minor boy was killed as a speeding truck ran over him while he was crossing the road at Uttor Annandopur in Fulgazi upazila on Monday afternoon. The deceased was identified as Habibur Rahman Ayat, 5, son of Mahmadul Hasan Linkon of Chhagalnaiya upazila. Md Kutub Uddin, officer-in-charge of Fulgazi Police Station, said Ayat along with his mother were returning home in the afternoon, report UNB.

The accident took place as the truck hit him while he was trying to cross the road around 5pm, leaving him dead on the spot. On information, police recovered the body and sent it to a local hospital for autopsy. Police, however, arrested the truck driver and seized his truck, the OC added. At least two people were killed and two others injured as two buses hit a private car and two rickshaws in Matsya Bhaban intersection area of Dhaka on Tuesday morning.

The identities of the deceased could not be known immediately.

Sub-inspector Bacchu Miah, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH), said the accident took place around 7:45am when the two buses, including one of 'Swadhin Paribahan' with the private car and hit two rickshaws, leaving four people injured.

The injured were rushed to DMCH where doctors declared two of them dead. At least two people were killed and two others injured as two buses collided with a private car and two rickshaws in Matsya Bhaban intersection area of the capital on Tuesday morning.

Sub-inspector Bacchu Miah, in-charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH), said that the accident took place around 7:45am when the two buses including ‘Swadhin Paribahan’ bus collided with the private car and hit two rickshaws, leaving four people injured.

The injured were taken to DMCH where doctors declared the duo dead.

However, the details about accident and the deceased could not be known immediately.

The age of the one deceased was around 60 and the other was around 20, said the SI. At least 287 people were fined at different spots in Dhaka yesterday as Bangladesh Road Transport Authority (BRTA) began a three-day special drive against jaywalkers.

Seven mobile courts of BRTA realised Tk 46,010 fine after conducting drives in New Market, Jatrabari, Bangla Motor, Mirpur, Banani, Rampura, Malibagh, Asad Gate and Shyamoli areas, according to a BRTA press release.

Including these seven, a total of 10 mobile courts conducted drives in Dhaka and Chattogram and fined Tk 3.37 lakh in 427 cases for violating traffic rules.

A BRTA official said they started the drive following the request of Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) commissioner in an attempt to bring discipline among jaywalkers.

Shakhawat Hossain, an executive magistrate of BRTA, told The Daily Star that he fined 25 pedestrians for jaywalking yards away from a footbridge with escalator in Banani area.


Fifty people who could not pay the fines were let off after they promised not to jaywalk on the roads again.

Meanwhile, seven bus drivers were fined Tk 11,500 for illegal parking, violating traffic rules and using mobile phones while driving, Shakhawat said.

Most of the people killed in road accidents in Dhaka are pedestrians.

According to Accident Research Institute at Buet, 23 percent of the road accidents in Bangladesh occur in city areas. Of those, 74 percent happen in Dhaka alone.

As much as 74 percent of the accidents involve pedestrians, eight percent rickshaws, three percent motorcycles, two percent bicycles and 13 percent others.

On several occasions, BRTA and DMP conducted similar drives to stop jaywalking but to little effect. Just minutes after the drive, people start jaywalking -- risking their lives.

Shakhawat said apart from traffic police and mobile court drives, people including transport owners, workers and commuters should act responsibly to make the roads safe. Police are yet to identify the bike rider

 
A 21-year-old Brac University student, Fahmida Haque Labannya, was killed in a road accident in Dhaka on Thursday.

Labannya was the passenger on a motorcycle and died, run over by a covered van in front of the National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases at the city’s Sher-e-Bangla Nagar around 12pm on Thursday, confirmed Sher-e-Bangla Nagar police Sub-Inspector (SI), Purabi Ranjan Dhar.

Labannya fell off when the motorcyclist apparently lost control, and critically injured the right side of her head. Doctors declared her dead after passers-by took her to Shaheed Suhrawardy Medical College Hospital.

Labannya was a third-year computer science and engineering student with dreams of becoming an engineer.

Police are yet to apprehend the bike or the motorcyclist, the SI said.

Police and locals said the covered van hit the motorcycle and fled from the spot.

Dhaka Tribune has obtained CCTV camera footage from a nearby restaurant that shows a red covered van running over the motorcycle Labannya was on.DMP Deputy Commissioner (Tejgaon Division), Biplab Kumar Sarkar, also confirmed they had the same footage showing the accident. 

“But the footage is not very clear. It does not show the registration number of the vehicle in question. Our officers are working on finding the covered van and the motorcycle driver, who are still at large,” he told Dhaka Tribune.

Family sources and Biplab said a case was in the process of being filed.

SI Nurul Islam said  Labannya took an UberMoto ride. The driver of the bike, Suman, was also injured in the incident. However, he left the hospital before police reached the place.

Brac University students and Labannya’s family gathered in front of the hospital’s morgue. They demanded trial of the covered van driver and the Uberdriver.

Family members said Labannya lived with her family on Road 3 in Shyamoli, Dhaka.

At the time of the report being filed around 8pm, Sher-e-Bangla Nagar police OC, Jain Alam Munshi, said they are yet to make an arrest. 

Labannya's accident comes a month after Abrar Ahmed Chowdhury, a Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) student, was run over by a Suprobhat Paribahan bus as he was trying to cross the road in front of Jamuna Future Park in Kuril.

Abrar's death sparked a mass student protest for road safety across the country, similar to the one last year, after a speeding bus ploughed through a group of students, killing two on Airport Road in Dhaka.
 She was on track to be an engineer and make her family’s dream come true. But her life was cut short by a road crash yesterday.

Fahmida Haque Labannya, 21, a third-year student of computer science and engineering department at Brac University, was killed after a pickup hit the motorcycle she was riding on from behind and ran over her, witnesses said.

The incident took place in front of National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases in Sher-e-Bangla Nagar area around 11:15am while she was on the way to her university as the pillion passenger of a motorbike hired from the ride-sharing platform Uber.

Police identified the driver as one Suman, 23, who also got hurt in the incident and took primary treatment at the emergency section of nearby Shaheed Suhrawardy Medical College Hospital. But police could not find him there as he left the hospital before they arrived.

The tragic accident left the family in shock. Farhanul Haque Mridul, younger brother of Fahmida, said her sister left their Shyamoli residence around 10:30am.


“She had a dream. She was going to be a computer engineer soon,” said the lamenting mother of Fahmida.

Sohel Rana, an eyewitness of the incident, said the bike was on the middle of the street around 11:15am when a lorry hit the motorcycle.

 “No sooner had the girl fell on the road than the speedy vehicle ran over her head while fleeing the scene,” Sohel told The Daily Star.

Sub-Inspector Nurul Islam said he checked the footage of the CCTV cameras installed nearby but they did not cover the accident spot.

Nurul took the phone number of Suman from the hospital’s register. But his mobile phone was found switched off.

SI Nurul said the ride-sharing companies were providing passengers’ helmets only for the sake of traffic rules and to dodge the eyes of the law enforcers.

“The girl was wearing a helmet, but it was too thin to protect her,” the police officer said.

Jane Alam Munshi, officer-in-charge of Sher-e-Bangla Nagar Police Station, said police were trying to track the motorcyclist to know the details about the incident.

Hearing the news, many of her friends and university mates gathered at the hospital premises and asked how the roads would be made safer for commuters when deaths on road is unstoppable.

“Every time a young life is cut short, we start protesting. Is this how the things will go on?” asked a Brac University student.

The victim’s family demanded exemplary punishment of those involved in the incident.

The accident took place barely a month into the killing of university student Abrar Ahmed in a road crash that triggered massive protests over unsafe roads and poor traffic management.

ACCIDENTS TAKE MORE LIVES

In Chattogram, four day labourers were killed and two others were injured as a human haulier, locally known as Chander Gari, flipped over a roadside shanty in Rangunia upazila early yesterday.

The dead are Md Jafor, 35, Mohammad Riyad, 18, Md Nazim, 22, and Md Monaf, 52.

All of them were from Noakhali’s Hatiya upazila, said Imtiaz Bhuiyan, officer-in-charge of Rangunia Police Station.

Quoting locals, the OC said the driver of the wood-laden hauler lost his control over the wheels at around 4:00am and ran over a shanty beside the road where the workers were sleeping.

The victims used to work in a nearby brick kiln, the OC added.

The driver of the vehicle fled the scene immediately after the incident.

Police seized the vehicle, the OC said, adding that a case would be filed in this regard.

In a separate incident, a 12-year-old madrasa student was killed after being hit by a speedy car at Mirshahrai upazila in Chattogram yesterday evening.

The dead, Tabassum Maria, 12, was daughter of Kamal Uddin from the same upazila, said Assistant Sub-Inspector Alauddin Talukdar at Chattogram Medical College Hospital police outpost.

In Mymensingh, an old woman and her granddaughter were killed in a road accident at Kazir Shimla on Dhaka-Mymensingh highway in Trishal upazila on Wednesday night.

The victims were identified as Anwara Begum, 65, and her granddaughter Jannat, 7, of Khandakerbari at Kazirshimla in Trishal of Mymensingh.

Quoting locals, Md Azizur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Trishal Police Station, said the two died on the spot when a Mymensingh-bound bus hit them while they were crossing the highway around 8:00pm.

The driver fled the scene immediately after the incident, the OC said, adding that a case was lodged in this connection. Detectives yesterday submitted two charge sheets against Suprobhat Paribahan owner and three of its staffers in a case filed over the killing of university student Abrar Ahmed Chowdhury in a road accident last month.

They were charge-sheeted in two charges -- one for murder of Abrar and the other for attempted murder of college girl Synthia Islam Mukta.

Inspector of Detective Branch of police Kazi Shariful Islam, also investigation officer of the case, submitted the charge sheets to the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate’s Court of Dhaka.

The accused are owner of Suprobhat Paribahan Noni Gopal Sarker, its bus driver Sirajul Islam, conductor Yasin Arafat and

helper Md Ibrahim. All the accused are now in jail.


The DB pressed charges against Yasir and Gopal in the Abrar murder charge, while all the four were charged-sheeted in the attempted murder charge of Synthia. Thirty-two people were made witnesses.

If the murder charges are proved against Yasir and Gopal, they will face the highest punishment of life-term imprisonment. If the attempt-to-murder charges against the four accused are proved, they will get the highest punishment of a term of seven years in jail, according to the provision of the Code of Criminal Procedure. 

On March 19, a bus of Suprobhat Paribahan ran over and killed Bangladesh University of Professionals student Abrar near the capital’s Bashundhara Residential Area, after it had hit college girl Synthia in Shahjadpur area.

Following the incident, Abrar’s father Brig Gen (retd) Arif Ahmed Chowdhury filed a murder case with Gulshan Police Station.

All the four accused were arrested from different places on different dates and they have given confessional statements before magistrates.   

Police and fellow students of Abrar said he was crossing the road through a zebra crossing to catch a bus for his university when the Suprobhat Paribahan bus hit him, leaving him dead on the spot.

FACT OF THE INCIDENT

As per the confessional statements of Gopal and three others, it was learnt that passengers and pedestrians caught bus driver Sirajul and handed him over to police in Shahjadpur on the morning of March 19 after the vehicle had hit college girl Synthia.

After the accident, the bus was parked by a road there. Conductor Yasin then informed Gopal of the incident over phone and said agitated locals might torch the bus. Gopal then asked him to drive the vehicle to a safer place.

Yasin, who had no driving licence, took the wheel and the bus ran over and killed 20-year-old Abrar near Bashundhara Residential Area. A man was killed when a police van hit a motorbike on Rangamati Police Lines Road in the district town on yesterday.
The deceased was identified as Buddha Bijoy Chakma. 

Zahidul Haq Rony, officer-in-charge of Kotwali Police Station, said the accident took place around 9 am when the police van hit the motorbike, leaving its rider dead on the spot, reports UNB. Police sent the body to a local hospital morgue for autopsy. Two persons were killed in a road accident involving a covered van and a rickshaw in Dhaka’s Jatrabari this evening.

The incident took place around 8:00pm at Dholpur intersection of Jatrabari when the covered van hit the rickshaw coming from the opposite direction, police said.

Two pedestrians were killed in the incident. Of them, one Kamal Hossain, 40, died on the spot while the other, whose identity could not be known immediately, succumbed to his injuries after he was rushed to Mugda General Hospital, said Kazi Wazed Ali, officer-in-charge of Jatrabari Police Station.

The rickshaw driver and passenger also sustained injuries in the accident.

Police seized the covered van ad detained its driver and helper, the OC added. Four people were killed in road accidents in three districts during the last two days, according to reports from our correspondents.

In Panchagarh, a man was killed as a pickup hit him on Dhaka-Panchagarh highway in front of Satkhamar Fajil Madrasa in Boda municipality area on Friday evening.

The victim -- identified as Aminul Islam, 45, a timber trader from Thanapara area in Boda -- died on the spot, said Abu Haidar Md Asrafuzzaman, officer-in-charge of Boda Police Station.

He was going to a sawmill from Boda Bazar, he said.

The pickup was seized but its diver managed to escape, the OC further said. 


Meanwhile, a Nosimon (locally-made three-wheeler) driver was killed as the timber-laden vehicle overturned on Modelhat-Talma road in Ziabari village of Panchagarh Sadar upazila around 5pm the same day.

Nur Islam, 28, from Haribhasa Haluapara village in the upazila, succumbed to his injuries at Panchagarh Sadar Hospital, said Abu Akkas Ahmed, officer-in-charge of Panchagarh Police Station.

The accident happened as the driver lost control over the locally made three-wheeler, said the OC.

In Joypurhat, a youth was killed as a truck hit a motorcycle he was riding in Aushgara village of Sadar upazila yesterday.

The victim -- Sabbir Hossain, 21, from Aushgara village in Joypurhat Sadar upazila -- was a first semester student of a nursing institution in Bogura.

Sabbir was going to local union parishad office, police quoted witnesses as saying.

He succumbed to his injuries on the way to Joypurhat Modern Hospital.

In Chattogram, a man was killed after a vehicle, which could not be identified, ran him over in the port city’s Katgar area early yesterday, said police.

Suman Miah, 27, from Bikrampur area in Dhaka, was declared dead at Chittagong Medical College Hospital, said Assistant Sub-Inspector Alauddin Talukder at CMCH police camp. The tragic death of 21-year-old Fahmida Haque Labannya, a third-year student of computer science and engineering at Brac University, on Thursday in a road accident in the Sher-e-Bangla Nagar area has left us speechless. Labannya was on her way to the university on an Uber motorbike, when a covered van reportedly hit the bike and ran her over near the National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases. The van fled the scene after the accident.

Sadly, we are all too familiar with how the series of actions following Labannya’s death will likely unfold. The police will make statements to the media; there will be momentary outrage over Labannya’s death on social media and in newspapers; some culprits may never even be found; and, most obviously, nothing on our roads will change. Complete lawlessness will continue to prevail and protests and outcry will die down until another young life is cut short simply because we are apparently incapable of bringing a modicum of order on the streets. Never mind the fact that we are a country with middle-income aspirations that cannot even ensure basic road safety in the 21st century.

While the police have detained the bike driver for questioning, it goes without saying that no stone should be left unturned in the police’s efforts to nab the van driver who sped away after running the girl over. But most importantly, as has been said countless times before, there is an urgent need for political willingness to make our roads safe which seems to be sorely missing. It is no wonder that the people of the country remain hostage to the transport sector—which is simply unheard of in other parts of the world. This state of affairs cannot continue. Given the startling statistics related to deaths in road accidents, the lack of concrete action to enforce traffic laws is incomprehensible. That unnatural deaths on our roads are so common is in itself unnatural—and extremely frightening. Two minor sisters were killed and 10 other people injured after a microbus plunged into a roadside ditch in Boithakhal area of Jaintapur upazila on Wednesday.

The deceased were identified as Lubna Begum, 10, Ahana Begum, 7, daughters of Shawkat Ali of Fulbari village of the upazila. 

Witnesses said when two Sylhet-bound micro-bus were trying to overtake each other around 12 pm while one of them fell into the ditch, killing the two sisters o the spot.

The injured were given first aid.

Angered by the incident, locals put up barricade on the road which  police removed, said officer-in-charge of Jaintapur Police Station.

The bodies were sent to Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College and Hospital for autopsy, he added. The helper of a truck was killed in a road accident in the city’s Rajarbagh area early Wednesday.

The deceased was identified as Quashem, 35.
 
Sub-Inspector Rubel of Motijheel Police Station said the accident took place when a sand-laden truck collided with a lorry around 3am, leaving three people, including two pedestrians, injured.

The injured were taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where doctors declared Quashem dead around 3:45am, said Inspector Bachchu Mia of the hospital police camp."
