"","x"
"1","terrorists proof that shared lanes don't work.  cyclists should be on the road or in their own separate lane And what about cyclists who cycle on pavements ???? To be fair I don't see any """"cycle"""" sign and at 0:11 your """"cycle lane """" leads to a set of stairs
IF you're right about this being only for cyclists, those pedestrians are not to blame for the poor marking
the should be """"bicycle signs"""" all over and not at the ends and beginings of that path Don't you guys have a bell on your bike to alert pedestrians? You should, no problem exists in that case as everybody would be aware of each other. That's not a bicycle lane.  That's a shared use path. Tbh she deserved it even her parents Obviously French police do not give a fuck the cyclist gets the blame and it's the passenger that is wrong for going in the cycle lane DOH! The parents are the ones at fault here, because at the end of the day, they are the ones responsible for their child's safety. Lol kewl Pedestrians fault Shouldn't be in the bike lan And yet you idiots ride on roads that are meant for cars, and expect us to treat you with courtesy. Honestly go fuck yourself hypocrite! So what life lesson did she learn today.... I would slap that bitch MOTORISTS FEEL THE SAME WAY ABOUT BICYCLISTS USING A VEHICLE LANE AS HIS BICYCLE LANE! 1:12 nigga the only thing i would’ve donre is jump in that dam bush lmao No maral of the story is stop cyclists cycling anywhere they want, on footpaths, zebra crossings and bring in road tax for cyclists and identification numbers for their bicycles. Seriously? """"How could you do such thing?"""" First of all it's a fucking bike lane so the bikers are not at fault if they hit pedestrians. It's the parents fault for walking in the bike lane. If that was me and people were in the way I just run them over like tf can you not read? It says bike lane dumbass STUPID LITTLE GIRL IS JUST OVER EXAGGERATING. People: ^walk in the bike lane^
People: ^get hit^
People: *surprised pikachu* There should be a divider Clearly it’s the pedestrians fault for walking on the bike lane Poor girl did she just broke her leg?? Omg that can traumatize her It's YOUR fault mommy YOU  broke your daughters leg because you are an entitled arrogant and stupid C. Cyclists slow down when you see pedestrians. Just because it’s a bicycle lane and pedestrians shouldn’t be there doesn’t give you the right to endanger people. Daughter: walks on landmine

Mother: how could you do such thing So, how much do cyclists pay, to have this 'exclusive' bike lane? You goddamn cyclists are so f**** arrogant. You think you own on everything. Go f*** off. I can't stand cyclists they're all stupid arrogant pricks just like you. SMH Powerful message here. As a cyclist, there are always way too many obstacles. just go to an empty field with ur bicycle. You shouldn't assume that all the people will follow the rules, especially children Moral of the story?
Run over as many of these twats as you can
Except children and elderly i would sue I totally disagree - and I am an avid cyclist. No matter what and where always the one with a larger,  able to cause more harm to the pedestrian has to be careful and weary of them. There is no excuse, except extreme cases. The car should always be mindful of the cyclist, and both on the pedestrian.  The harm it can be done to the individual must always be the measurement against. Walks into tiger exhibit
Gets attacked
HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!? Yeah, well now you know how car drivers feel. 🤦‍♂️ Retards Exactly same thing if I was to walk in a highway and then get hit by a car. There are bike lanes, car lanes, and then sidewalks for pedestrians for a reason! And the mom had the gall to ask, """"how could you do such a thing"""". Fuck you lady, watch your kids and walk in the correct places!! The mom needs to watch her kid Really I think it's the parent's fault that they aren't watching their kids or they just probably didn't tell their children to watch out. Who agrees? Fuck the biker he may be in his lane but like a motor vehicle he needs to yield still. Pedestrians have right of way first Gawd, stupid, stupid people. Only the French and their colonial descendents could be so arrogant and so dramatic. Blame the mother. I don't know how it works in France but in many places the pedestrians still have the right of way Why the hell call police? Kids walks out in front of bike gets hit..  shit happens, kid learns from it.  Life goes on.  Wtf do police need to get involved in every little thing nowadays.   No wonder we are low on police numbers..... Seemingly Haha dumb kid Haha Imagine how drivers feel when we cyclists take up the whole street too... DONT WALK IN THE FUCKING BIKE LANE Cyclists are the new vermin. God! Poor thing I feel bad for her! Fucking French ppl do not understand What the hell are you biking so fast for, that you can't stop in time to save a child?
Get real bikers, share, watch for pedestrians. No problem , we stay off the bike paths, u stay off the cross walks,biker trash Walks on high way
gets RAN TF over by cars
""""HoW coUlD yOu dO sUcH a ThiNg?!"""" Bet you ride your bike on crosswalks tho, huh? your own fault if you walk on the wrong side!! Another case of “my child is hurt because I wasn’t parenting them/ keeping them safe and that’s your fault” 🤦🏻‍♀️ fucking hell Kids and parents like this fucking annoy me. Like think of it a different way. If they were walking on a car lane and her child got run over she can’t get mad. But because it’s not a road that entitled parent can blame it on the biker and not her as a mother for putting her child in danger. 🙄 I feel bad for the cyclist what the hell? if i were the cyclist i wouldn't have felt sorry at all. i would have told that woman that it's her and the girl's fault so clearly i'm not guilty:) Why call the police and not an ambulance? I hope he hit her hard We have sidewalks for a reason people Not mad or feel bad for the kid or family, walk somewhere else and your kid wouldn't have gotten hurt. The parents are... wow You can't just avoid hitting a child? There are no bike paths where I am and yet I have never hit a child and broken her leg! Idiots Maybe they should read the signs 10  P O I N T S 0:55 You can see where the bone snapped in her leg. Look by her ankle and you will see that it is bent....badly The little girl was in the way it's her  fault stop crying its so annoying when ur dumb I woulda got on the mom and be like “ hey miss u put ur own child in danger and this is wat the consequence is for child negligence ( not watching/take safety precautions of ur child) speaking of negligence if u look at part 0:47 the mom is carrying the child away from the scene while her leg is dangling and while the child is screaming in pain and the mom decided to leave the scene instead of seeking medical attention at the scene to sooth the pain atleast. (I would’ve  whooped the moms ass mma style if I was one the few females that were at the scene). Little dumb girl deserved it thank god it happened Why the hell are human so stupid Why the fuck is the mum picking the kid up?!?! If she'd broken her leg, don't fucking move her! You can SEE her leg swinging the wrong way as she carries her. Congrats you dumbass mum, you've probably just caused some permanent damage to her leg by aggravating that break and allowing the bone to do whatever it pleases to anything around it, like nerves, muscles, tendons. I don't care how mad you are at the cyclist for accidently hitting your daughter while you were walking where you shouldn't be, next to a perfectly function sidewalk, you call an ambulance and leave her on the ground. Stand around her, use yourself as a barrier and don't walk around so that cyclists going at high speeds in a bike path have a chance to avoid you. my birthday is that day lol Why you coming fast? How could you do such a thing”  how can they blame her for biking on a bike lane it was their own fault for walking their🤷🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️ Not tryna sound mean but that girl kinda deserved it
I'm going to hell aren't I this actually annoyed me how they walked on the bike lane. i dont blame the little girl but when the mom said “how could you do such a thing” really made me mad Basically I wouldn't feel that sorry for her. Because I mean, it's her fault that she was walking on the bicycle's lane. And when she got hit, the women who carried her said """"Why would you do that"""", so... they should've realized before not to walk on the bicycle lane. I'm sorry for her, but in my mind, it's her fault. But I hope she feels better ❤ So what roads are reserved for cars people walk on them and oh let me see we also have bicycles on the road too even though there are bike paths witch are a danger to the people who drive cars . Stupid lil bitch and her family Hey dude! Now you know how motorists feel when cyclists are all over the damn road ! .... cry me a river .... Let's just walk in the middle of the road and get angry at them for hitting me Good serves her right, lesson learned. People are so stupid these days Hold up.... was that girl wearing crocs? Go shove a vegan cyclist up ur ass well don’t be dumb and walk in bike lanes if I was that kid at my age let’s just say she’s 6 I learned the swear word hell so while I’m crying like that kid i would be swearing cause THERE FUCKING STUPID TO LET THAT KID ON A BIKE LANE/PATH Some people just can't get it through their heads that it's a separate lane for bikes for a reason. This is the reason. I hope they learned their lesson. Does this part of the city have sidewalks? Why is the mother so rough with the girl? She has a broken leg and she just grabs her wtf Calls Police

The police would probably just laugh Ima go walk in the middle of the highway 
gets hit
“Why would you do that watch where your going” The mom should only blame her careless ass This makes me so mad. The child and her parents are dicks, and especially the mum for blaming the cyclist... Shame on them, they deserved it!
I hope the cyclist didn't get in any trouble, but I hope the parents do!

I do understand that it wasn't the child's fault, but she looks old enough to understand that it's a bike lane, and to keep out the way of cyclists! Smh honestly people these days... Alguien que me explique? Pliis I don’t care for the child nor the mom shouldn’t be walking on a bike lane😂 I blame parents OMIGOD it’s a BIKE LANE for gods sake. When will people understand? gets hit by a train
How could you do such a thing?? its so simple don't walk in the bike lane it's like you walking in front of a train without any care what so ever Excellent parenting.  Blame someone else for injuring your child because of your stupidity.  Safe riding TriBeCa I'm a very simple type of person. I see people walking on bike lane that really don't care. I slap them all, don't really care if I slap them billions time It’s the girls fault, not the cyclists OMG! they didn’t even see if the biker is ok! She was limping and looking at her knee😭 I would have been like B clam th f down because your D butt didn’t realize that you were walking in the Bicycle lane putting your self in danger Are people fucking idiots?! Like it literally says, “bike lane” bitch go back to school if you need to read. I’m getting mad because accidents like this is just dum because they know they have to grab their child and they know where to walk and where not to walk. Don’t be a fucking idiot and walk on the dam sidewalk and shit. “How could you do such a thing?”
YOU WERE ON THE BIKE PATH LADY! I actually love that and what happened. Instant karma at its greatest What a terrible mother. It's clearly her fault. She deserved it Hahahahahaha hahaha booo hoo poor little brat I was expecting to see the child get hit... dam it I feel really bad for the little girl and hope she’s ok but it’s the family’s fault they should’ve payed attention to the obvious signs or had they’re little girl closer to them >is walking in a bike lane
>”NDKWJCNXJSND HOW COULD U DO THIS” It’s their fault, so screw them. They were walking on the wrong lane They are so dramatic 😂 pls tell me the bike is ok Smh... It's a bike path for a reason, don't be surprised then Fucking deserved it I wonder how many people blaming mother never walked on bike path It's Quebec what the fuck do you people expect? It's like America, but worse Oof Dumb French twats I don't feel so bad for the girl cause she know it was a danger place of Street and the parents have the fault to, of putting in danger her daughter you have to respect queen safety regulations 
Sorry for my English I speak Spanish O pior de tudo é saber que as pessoas sabendo que estão passeando no lugar errado ainda se acham na razão de reclamar should i even feel sorry for the mom? i mean, the kid only listened to her mom, the kid didn’t know any better. the mom shouldn’t have been dumb enough to put her child in harms way. and when she yelled “how could you do such thing?!” i was like “how could YOU do such thing putting your child in danger” smh It’s not really the cyclists fault the people were standing in the CYCLISTS lane Anyone in 4009 ? She deserves it """"How could you do such a thing"""" well maybe say that to yourself for walking on the bike lane! Well it’s that girls fault she shouldn’t of been walking in the bicycle lane I got hit by a bike when I was 8 but I knew that it was my fault.  And my Hispanic mom was yelling at me so bad while I was in so much pain lol, I deserved it Too bad it didn't snap her neck Legend says the person driving the bike was gasper cus that’s how they didint see the biker The girl in my opinion was being dramatic, there was no sign of blood, and no where could you see signs of broken bones. Again just my opinion first of all watch ahead to see if there is a bike coming second of all just don’t walk in the bike lane. 🤦‍♀️ Not surprise in Arizona where i live the ride on sidewalk where they not suppose to. I almost got hit. I yelled at lady U NOT SUPPOSED TO B IN SIDEWALK U SHOULD GET ARRESTED Title should be """"This is why Bike Lanes arent sidewalks"""" Why would they hit the child




They should've hit the mother That girl got what she deserved and that dumb family. Next time better stay out the bike lane. Watching this made me angry WALK ON THE FRICKING FOOTPATH NOT EVEN 1m AWAY Well now they know how it feels when cyclist be riding on the ROAD Pedestrians fault If I had hit them, I would have told them to use the fucking sidewalk, the bike lane was made for cyclists, not walkers. There is a sidewalk for a reason people. Fucking dumbasses She Got Yeeted

But the Leg got Skeeted

Edit: I know it was already said but I needed to say something Wait, at 0:29 you can clearly see bikers are on the pedestrian lane 🤔 seems to me that neither bikers or pedestrians care about that rule It's sick how fucking clueless a lot of people are I want to know the aftermath of this. Moral of the story: don't be a fucking idiot and walk where your not supposed to. Walking in a bike lane is better than walking in the street. If her parents were dumb enough to have her in the road she could have done more than a broken leg. See and this why we say its not the bikes that are dangerous its the people and its not the sharks that are dangerous its the people and it's not the car that is dangerous its the people and most importantly it's not the guns that are dangerous its the people who have it I live in montréal (and cycle everyday) as well and I'm always baffled at the amount of pedestrians on the bike paths. Especially the ones that are directly beside a sidewalk! like wtf ? why? That leg is done Don’t get me wrong I FEEL REALLY BAD for the poor girl but honestly, it wasn’t her fault and not the bikers. It’s the parents fault like they actually put their kid in danger like if your gonna walk in the bike lane,  you gotta be aware of your surrounding I WOULD SCREAM AT THAT MOM! She's so stupid! Why would she say """"HOW COULD U DO SUCH A THING?!"""" It's there fault! You should of told them:
“That’s what happens when You WALK ON BIKE TRAIL!!!”

Then they would have realized that’s why she got hurt.... What a stupid mom Both are at fault. Yes, the foot traffic may have been in the bicycle lane, but the one filming was going way too fast  for such a narrow track.  He didn’t even slow down as he  sped by the group clearly blocking the bike path at the beginning. Not sure where this was filmed but in the states we have laws that cyclists have to make their passing verbally known before coming upon a pedestrian. They are also supposed to treat themselves as a car would where pedestrians have the right of way. So situations like this would be the cyclists fault. i do feel bad for the little girl, but it’s their fault she got hurt. you shouldn’t be walking in these places. and if you see a bunch of bikers, you should move to the side and not crowd anywhere. 👍 That happens to my sisters and I get that shit all the rime That little girl was a pussy Idc about the kid. Hows the ground??? I mean I feel bad for the little girl but is not the biker fault tho Adding fuckwits on hired electric scooters is increasing the danger. They go as fast as a slow moving car or motorbike and are weaving in and out of the bike/ped lanes. This remind me of something that happened at my local lake. They made a bike path specifically for coaches to bike up and down the lake to watch the rowing. One day, a woman was walking her dog in said bike lane, and got hit by a biker. Might I remind you that they made this path specifically for bikes. The lady threw a hissy fit, and now you are not allowed to bike on the path, and no dogs are allowed in the watching area. Complete bullshit. Now the rowers and coaches have to suffer because a woman wasn’t where she should be Would have told the cyclist to fuck off, and get out of here before I beat her ass. It's a child what do you expect. Bitch French people stink oh yeah yeah Oh no no I'm only seeing this now. I really want to know what happened after this

P.s. stupid mother for walking her and her kids in a cycle lane then complaining when her child was hit by a cyclist If you watch closely at 0:56 you can tell her leg is broken. PEOPLE ARE SOOOOO STUPID why are u in the bike lane dumbass So sorry that the little girl got hurt, but it’s the parents fault for, oh I don’t know, wetting her walk in the middle of the bike path?? 🧐🤔 Lol guys imagine hearing what judge Judy would say lol 😂 we all know she’d call the parent retarded as fuck Im gay 
I suck dick Why do kids always have to pay the price for they idiotic parents!!! I feel so sorey for those babiess. Whose parents are setting a nicr example by not teaching them the rules of the road. She had the nerve to ask Dude this was a waste of my time 🙄 Tu parle français moi aussi I live there I feel very bad for the cyclist, she was so worried I don’t care about the girl but I understand to NOT walk on the bikes lane I love the faces of the people that are walking in the right spot. They are all like, welp... Highway: dont walk across me, you'll die
Girl: walks
Girl: gets hit by car
Mom: hOw CoULD u DO suCh A ThIng I kind of want to update to this. was the cyclist arrested for hitti.f a pedestrian? or was she let off the hook because the family was clearly in the wrong area and therefore fined? Title should be changed to “pedestrian gets cyclist into an accident and possibly go to jail”. It’s sad and stupid how in most countries, the pedestrian is always right, even if they decide to walk in front of your car. Also Bikers, dont ride on the Car lanes, cause it's likely you'd have the same reaction as the Mom if u get hit by a car. My life in one story Ppl are stupid. The moral of the story is stay the f*** off the sidewalk There was literally a sidewalk for walkers two feet away.... That dumb girl yelling how could you do such a thing.. uh no chick that's on you. Biker got hurt too bc your stupid family thinks taking up the whole bike lane is ok. Omg! How could they do such a thing! Poor bike... Kids are fucking morons This is kind of how it is when cyclists ride on the roads with cars and other heavy vehicles. 😳✨ Her mother is to blame. Moron IT their fault for walking Whose next...? Bad parents knowingly put their child in danger need to accept responsibility for their own actions. stands in front of q bus waiting to get hit gets hit “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!” hi! let's just walk in the bike lane so one of us can get ran over and blame it on the biker ! Cyclists are the worst. 
Just slow down when you see people walking there. This is horrific to watch, I really hope the Bike is ok, and doesn't have any mechanical failures. The first one wasn't the biker's fault,it was clearly the pedestrian's fault I feel so bad for the little girl Mom:How could you do such a thing.
Me:omg how could you walk right in the path of a cyclist. That girl was a bitch anyways haha I want to know how the cyclists feel about the roller skater in the bike lane. Oh how ridiculous. People walking have the right of way just like people riding a bike on the street with cars have the right away. The trail was obviously full of people walking, you need to be prepared to stop. Alot of trails say """"share the trail"""". that's why people buy fat bike... Stands on railway
Get's hit by train
""""HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?"""" gets hit by a train 
HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING -50 damage

Critical hit! That's the people walkings fault The mom should be punished There was a whole ass sidewalk 😂😂 If you think it’s okay for bikes to hit pedestrians walking, then it’s okay for cars to hit bikes without question. See how stupid you sound now? Idiots. You don’t have the right away just because you’re on a bicycle. I have never ever seen a cyclist stop 🛑  for a red light, or yield for a pedestrian 🚶‍♀️. Hmmm, now u no how people feel when bikes r in the road, in the way of car traffic, just asking to get hit. Bro I broke my back and my sister didn’t cry MAN Canadians are usually good about these things?!I live in Montreal and I usually don't see ppl walk on the bike paths unless they're tourists and the police will usually just give them a friendly warning... This is why shared pathways don't work I don’t care if you say that there’s not marking. Like it’s the same on the street for cars???? You think people are just ganna walk in the middle of the street because OOHHHHH I DONT SEE A MARKING GUYSS... for real use your small little brains. And why would there be fucking two walking lanes divided by shrubs that’s very visible?!?!? HMMMMM IDK ODDDDD also the fact that there’s only CYCLISTS ON THE FUCKING CYCLISTS LANE INSTEAD OF THE SIDEWALK?!?! Remember parents teach your kiddos not to be completely stupid. I'm so baffled HOW are people THIS stupid and careless???? On these types of paths you’d think the parent would take extra care with their child, as you clearly saw lots of cyclists and marks on the path saying it’s a cyclist lane I have a dream.... That one day, walkers, bikers and rollerbladers can use the same sidewalk together, in peace.... :-/ I love how the woman the screaming at the cyclist that she knocked your daughter down in the fricking bike Lane it's your fault okay so 1) thats a bike lane. for bicycles. i can't believe this has to be explained. and 2) dont pick the girl up, she's already injured. that's just going to injure her more.

jesus. Let me walk my non existent child onto the freeway and blame the driver. Stupid family Ooh Girl. I swear sometimes humanity is taking a turn for the worse More needs to be done to teach people the laws when it comes to bike lanes and if there isn't proper laws then they need to be put in place and maintained. I blame the pedestrians but also the government for not making things clear ,yes there are bikes drawn on the ground but where is the information on bike lanes for people who don't ride bikes ( and you wouldn't look it up unless you are a bike user) .I get its put down to common sense but a lot of people don't have basic common sense as proven in this video.  I'm glad to see the man who made this video wearing safety clothing and a helmet  as well as a camera. We need more responsible people on earth . The stupidity of the human! Just like Knuckleheads they can't read arrows that tell you not enter a certain place into a restaurant parking lot when the arrows going the opposite way. Stupid. Stupid. And they think other should watch out for them! Hope the persons okay. Think before you go into those paths Its not the cyclists fault the shouldn’t be in the bicycle lane i’m confused though which one is the cyclist? There need to be brutal fines for people who use the wrong lanes. Both for pedestrians and cyclists but especially for cyclists . I have lost count of how many times assholes cyclists go outside bike lanes and are constantly a danger to everyone especially small kids and animals. Bro this mother is stupider than me,and that's saying something 😂 I sometimes walk on the bike lane but I am always aware of bikes and I’m always at the edge of the lane so I’m not in a bikers way yikes,,,her leg,,,, ,,almost made me feel bad but like,, ,,eh Bike riders are nobs It is the Mom’s fault Watch your fucking kids and tell them to stay off the bicycle lane.
And educate yourselves about bike Lanes too dumbasses. Someone please explain why they aren’t walking on the perfectly good footpath right next to the bike lane?

It’s different when it’s a normal footpath and there cyclists, skateboarders and scooterers and they hit a pedestrian. Pedestrians have right of way on a normal footpath (same goes for a shared path, but when there’s a perfectly good foothpath right next to something that’s classified as a ‘bike only path’ you walk on the footpath It’s the parents fault I love how the pedestrians where in the wrong yet they don't care that the biker was also hurt they just say """"how could you do such a thing"""". Road: Bicycles, Buses, Cars, Golf Carts, Motorcycles, Pickups and Trucks. Sidewalk: Pedestrians, Skateboards, Skates and Kick Scooters. Bike Path: Bicycles. Rail: Train. See I don't understand why they don't use the side walks, if it's right there. In Ontario, our bike paths are for walking as some don't have sidewalks near them or replace sidewalks but ours are usually much wider and pedestrians are still suppose to be careful and give bikers ample room to pass. I don't know why these large groups are on narrow ass bike paths when sidewalks are available. The brother tho when he realized she broke her leg he was crying omg 😭💜💜😩 Worst thing she did was pick the girl up. There weren't any signs in that part of the road it's not their fault I ride both bikes and horses and it’s so annoying when people walk on our paths, especially that they know we run horses around there Stupid mother Only at the beginning the track was marked, maybe they didn't know People fucking need to watch out What the hell is wrong with that freakin mom like fr stop being rude to somebody who probably didn’t see your kid till last min honestly somebody should be getting mad at her for letting her kid be there🙄 Me personally would be on the bicycle riders side as the child was maybe playing around like a child does and this women on the bike has come along and accidentally bumped into her because from what I think the gur l hasn't seen the bike i think it was the parents responsibility to know the dangers of walking there like if you agree Do people think that those bike signs are there for decoration? Hey guys! I'm just gonna walk on a railway and shout """"HoW cOuLd YoU dO sUcH a ThInG!?"""" when I get hit by a train! That girls broken arm is a punishment for having a stupid mother who let her walk in the bike lane...it’s for cyclers only... Por pendejos :v in Australia as elderly lady was killed by a bike courier on a footpath for pedestrians not bikes. Moral of the story.have a bloody heart.
Your an idiot to blame the young girl.
Maybe they didn't see that it was bikes only. I only feel bad for the kid because her mum is such an ass DUMMIES SHOUDL NOT HAVE BEEN IN BIKE LANE Then stay the fuck in your lane u_u xD Lmfaoo stupid ass lil girl they shouldn’t have been walking there Montreal old port area is horrible for people driving bikes and driving cars...the people DONT care at all where they walk! They think they have the right to go and walk any where they wish cause it's a tourist area! I was born and lived in Montreal all my whole life and even as a child it was crazy down there... The woman on the bike should of gave the parents crap.. judging by the group of them I could see them taking up both sides of the path. I feel bad that she got hurt but you can’t walk in a bike path Thanks again for the great news about the job name kamani Why did they call the police? puts child on rollercoaster track and child gets hit HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING! Get the fuck off the bike lane or hold your damn child Jesus And pedestrians hit by bicycles and cars Two people killed by bicycles in 2015 It is a bike trail why you all walking on it,it good😑 Welcome back to why did YouTube recommend me this pt. 2426688 Haha so niceeee that she brooke her legs !!!! She broke a leg, not dying smh No one told them dumb fucks to walk in the bike lane now did they? Poor kid, she paid for her parents ignorance 😞 well this could’ve been avoided if the little girl told her parents it’s a bike lane share the road :) There's bike lanes on the roads near me yet most people who ride bikes use the sidewalk and I almost get run over on a daily basis what idiots don't go on the bike lane people At least they don’t have to amputate her leg.  😝 If pedestrians enter the path from the street, where are the signs to tell them where to walk? It looks like it’s an issue of poor signage and poor marking That's funny that's what they get. Sucks to be that little giel. Karma It's the kids fault and I'm glad she broke her leg :) That’s why you don’t walk in the bike line. I feel bad for the little girl, but I have no sympathy for the idiot mom. If I was the cyclist I wouldn't even feel bad. It's their own fault. Thank you, next😊 Why you comin fass I thought the mother was being over dramatic and it was like just a cut, but then i realized she broke her leg and i was like OUCH Wow... And the moral is....... you still have a duty of care, even to idiots! lol they deserved it French people are like snowflakes People need to learn some common sense. Bike lanes were made for a reason. There are consequences for your actions especially actions like this. Your risking your safety and others safety for not following one simple rule. Then you blame others for your wrong doing?? I guess that’s society today... we need to do better people awww 😭 The moral of the story is that bike lanes are for bikes and sidewalks are for walking.ens restroom are for men and women restrooms are for women STAY IN YOUR LANE I hope the police told the parents of the girl they were wrong! Thank you for being a nice cyclist and using the bike lane instead of riding in the middle of the road. Do you have two wheels and a set of handlebars? No? Then why the fuck are you in the bike lane!
I'm sure they would be the first to complain about a cyclist on a normal sidewalk smh FUCKIN TARD! PEDESTRIANS HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO USE THE BIKE LANES. YOU FUKIN IDIOT CYCLIST SHOULD GET OF THE STREET ROAD THEN U FUCKTARD. YOU IDIOTS RIDE ALL OVER THE DAMN STREET NOT TO MENTION BLOCKING THE LANE FOR CARS. HOW BOUT YOU FUKIN LEARN TO RIDE AND SHARE THE FUCKN BIKE LANES MADE FOR PUBLIC USES NOT JUST FOR YOUR FUCKFACE IDIOT. CITIZENS PAID FOR THAT LANE WITH TAX AND HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO USE IT ALSO! 1970: I bet we will have flying cars in the future!

2013: pedestrian walks in bike lane and gets hit by bike Stupid ass mother People are stupid especially the mother like walk on the sidewalk not the bike lane do you not understand that would happen?? I feel bad for the kids. Their mother is an idiot. Fucking idiots ya how could you do such a thing how the fuck can you be that fuckin stupid it's marked for bikes I have this problem everywhere go fuck yourself or go in the walkers lane How could that mothet let her kids walk on bike paths? She endangered her own children and should be persecuted in some way for it. In French
How could you do such a thing ! 
me in French 
USE YOUR COMMON SENSE , ITS A DAMN BIKE LANE WOMAN , ITS NOT FOR PEDESTRIANS So the pedestrian is at fault by not following the law It's not the lady's fault it's the little girl's parents fault. They should have known that they have to get out the way instead of being selfish and continuing to walk. She's fuckin' fine she just broke her leg, they're acting like she died jesus People are dumb these days. I understand that she’s a little girl. But the parents shouldn’t just leave her running around free like that. She should be held. Or told to not go there. Easy. Getting mad at something YOU done. Very dumb. Well we learnt something new today. Bet they're Trump supporters. The type that doesn't think then blames everyone for their stupidity. So, it's ok for a cyclist to ride all over the streets and getting in the way of cars. But it's NOT ok for pedestrian to walk on a bike trail? And you blame a child for getting hit? So we should blame the cyclist when they get hit by a car? This made me cry this is so annoying bcos it wouldnt of happened if they hadnt have walked on the bike lane I hope the bike’s ok Everyone blames the mom, but it looks like the father is there too. Smdh Ok I speak french and clearly this woman is pissed off That lady in roller blade looks cool Whatever, less pedestrians in my way. Autant les piétons gosse sur les piste cyclables autans les cyclistes gosse et sont dangeur dans les rue de Montréal 🙄 i think its not the bikers fault lmao the mother is just like “HEY U KNOW WHAT? LET ME JUST PUT MY CHILD IN MORE DANGER BY WALKING IN THE BICYCLE LANE AND BLAME THE BIKER BECAUSE HE HIT MY CHILD BECAUSE I WAS WALKING IN THE BICYCLE LANE WITH MY CHILD” Walks on the bike lane gets hurt “how could you do such a thing”

Walks on car lane gets hurt “ how could you do such a thing” Here in the Netherlands we also have a lot of bicycle roads. People are so used to them that almost nobody gets into these kinds of accidents. Well, except for when people from other countries walk on the bicycle roads like idiots and mock you when you call them out. :^) It’s clearly marked when you started the video, but as you can see the majority of the walkway isn’t marked. Is it possible that these people have never been on this pathway before? 😂😂 also this path isn’t around a corner it’s a straight fucking shot, your cyclist buddy had time to slow down🙄 unless he’s the incompetent one WHAT IF THE KID DIDNT GET HURT BUT THE BIKE DID (because bikes have feelings too you know) BUT SHE WAS CRYING BECAUSE SHE FELT BAD FOR THE BIKE? No, the moral of the story is that pedestrian and bicycles don't mix on the same pathway.  If they are sharing a pathway, the bicyclists must yield. Signs are there for a reason. 



I blame the parents. damn, but hey if i ever run in the middle in highway should i scream at the driver and get mad at them 😅 People are so stupid. Like literally it’s your (pedestrian) fault your little girl got hurt Moral of the story: 

Watch your fucking kids. Don't get mad when it's your fucking fault. HOW COULD YOU DO THAT-mom who doesn't take care of their kid 😂they're the stupid ones Bikers are so damn annoying then they catch an attitude and say something slick when they go by but never get off to say that shit to your face Boi people are idiots and the fact the mother had to say “how could you do such a thing” BOIIII such your ugly ass up it’s the bicycle lane not walking lane Bruh. Seriously. The last thing we need is for the person who hit the girl to get arrested. HERE'S A NEW THING PEOPLE! ITS CALLED A SIDE WALK!! Poor bike....how can u do such a thing? I feel sorry for the bike 😢 No one cares about the bikers?poor bikers Weak ass fucks Tell that little bitch to stfu I feel bad for the girl because her parents basically just broke her leg So let me get this straight.... bikes can go on the road, cycle paths, walkways and basically any fucking where else they feel like.. but once you step foot on a cycle lane you have the right to run the fucking pedestrian over??? How the cyclist has hit the young girl is unreal no matter what the circumstances... its a wide open path fucking blind cyclist I understand the ground being hurt after someone falling on it, but what about the bike? I hope the bike was ok. We take bikes for granted sometimes. We sit on them, we ride them great distances, and we scratch and bang them up and they still don’t leave us. I hope your bike made it through this ordeal.. I know my bike would. I know how the brother feels having her sister hurt. I went through the same thing, my sister had her knee pop out 2 times. It’s terrible seeing a sibling in pain. Damn, I hope the bike is making a speedy recovery “How could you do such a thing” honey there’s something called a pavement. Walk on it. Καλά να πάθει, ας μην πήγαινε εκεί, είναι μόνο για ποδηλάτες. Αφού είναι ηλίθιοι δεν φτάνει αυτός που το χτύπησε Stupid parents How much i see half of lane is for bicycle !!!problem is that line should be red all way from start of road to end and line is just on the begginening .. *Walks On Bike Lane*

*Gets Hit By Bike* LMAOOOOOOO FOR FUCK SAKE THE BIKELANE IS CALLED A BIKELANE FOR A REASON. I swear these people must think they are just """"optional walking paths"""" Moral of the story.. stay in yo lane Stupid kids


Actually stupid parents






I still hate children though Poor ground... Trying so hard to hold up all the drama above it... I feel bad for the family but that’s what they get for walking in the bike lane actions have consequences Oof is it so fucking hard that you can't hold your child's hand Teaches that girl for walking in the way OH FFS ITS A CYCLING PATH U DUMBASS SHE DESERVED TO GET HIT Just like when you stupid cyclists block the lanes that are meant for cars. Fucking retards This is the false society we live in. We treat certain policies and rules with a soft acknowledgement (barely) and think we can get away with it. The family was in the wrong, the punishment was the daughter being made an example... The biker is in the upmost right for everything she did and everything that unfolded. If only it was the mother, not the little girl. .,. I hate when people tell just one side of the story.

It's like """"Oh my god, did you see that police man, punching that guy with no reason?, poor guy, the police is such a dick."""" And then the news start throwing fake bullshit about thst police man, ruining his life.

But then, the complete story is: """"That guy actually punched the police man's wife and assaulted her"""".

Here, the mom blames the women because she hurted the little girl with bike, but she tells, that she was making a mistake by walking in a bike pass. I feel bad for the biker, she was just in the bike lane where bikes are supposed to be and people were in her way and blamed her Mind your business its called a bike lane for a reason. a BIKE When you just noticed this video is 5 years old Don't. Walk. On. A. Bike. Lane. And. They. Won't. Hit. You. omg why do fucktards exist Your city needs to put more signs saying the it’s a bike lane cause I can hardly tell because they are only signs at the begging of the lane. Middle and end. Needs to be more obvious cause it looks like a normal walk way Bro it was the pedestrians fault tf. Why the hell would they stand in the middle of a bike lane and get angry about getting hit When you share the space with pedestrians, especially where children walk and who may not even be aware of the danger, YOU WILL HAVE TO SLOW DOWN when they're in your way, or you may cause serious injuries. Any other conclusion can only be made by egoistical morons. Shes the type to get in a car crash and ask for the manager HAHAAHHA WBEN THE LITTLE BROTHER STARTED SCREAMING AHAHAHAH Some people just shouldn't reproduce. The parents of that kid and every other pedestrian on the bike path deserve a good slap at least. I feel so bad 





For the Bike LMAO WHAT AN HYSTERICAL BROTHER realizes she broke her leg “OMG SHE BROKE HER LEG OMFG” CRIES I’m praying for that bike.. I think the brother said ‘how could you do such a thing’ cause it sounded like a young boy s voice so I got triggered when he said when him and his family atleast learned how to read signs and not walk on the bike paths and like BOI why would your family do such a thing to get u guys in danger Proceeds to stand on bicycle lane Well knowones falt that the girl vot hurt its her falt DO NOT WALK ON BIKE PATHS WHY YOU COMIN FAST To be fair. There are almost no markings reminding people they're walking in a shared path I wish the same rule will apply to cyclists riding in the fuckin rode!. that poor baby's wails had me feeling nauseous
momma need to stop playin the blame game and get her kid to a doctor The problem seems to be that the bike path looks exactly like a sidewalk. The bike path should look like a miniature road Omg cant people in 2018 read? Theres loads of signs thats showing that its a bike lane!! How dumb can people be!?!? some people are so dumb and then they want to blame others for their stupid behavior Do they not have sidewalks or something I mean jesus christ It annoyed me so bad when the mother said “how can you do such a thing” when you were walking in the bikers lane... Pedestrians ALWAYS have right of way. Not to be rude I feel bad for her but I don’t care that she got hit Because her parents are putting her in danger and they should’ve saw the bike because they could move out of the way faster than the bike could but I do feel bad but I don’t care that she got hit I know she broke her leg but still I do feel bad But what happend to the bike?

Is the bike ok!?


Im joking, but still... It was probably her fault for going in front of the bicycle It's weird cause there is a perfectly non trafficked sidewalk but nooo you just had to walk were everyone is and a non people walking area its clear stupid WHY THEY COMIN FAST The mum is such an asshole Fuck biclist Who dont hear does feel 🤷🏾‍♀️ Their fault...shouldnt have been walking in the bike lane..The she's going to blame the other person. GURLL!! The mom's saying how could you do suck a thing when she's putting her family to risk by not going onto the sidewalk so in the end it's the mom's fault Why the fuck did she pick her up???? Her leg was dangling she could have been hurt more with all that movement. People you should not move someone who is injured speacially if you suspect a fracture. Stupid-ass people walking in Bicycle Lanes blame the poor biker for hitting the girl even if they are the ones putting their lives on danger. Big deal, I ran over a family yesterday wth?? It’s the mothers fault for making her walk in the bike lane Ok ok stop and think



Is the ground ok Walks in a street and expects nothing to happen 

“Hey car why did you do that, how could you do such a thing”

Dumb Idc about the girl I just care about the boy hes so caring 😞 Poor girl. It’s all the mom’s fault. I Thought ur gonna call the police on that boy XD """"Walks into a store with a armed gun""""
gets shot by police
""""HOW COULD U DO SUCH A THING"""" They deserved it Okay kids! Let’s go have a jog in the bike lane shall we? “Yeah! Yeah!” girl gets hit “WHAT HAVE YOU DONE”
“Rode my bike in the bike lane” It was pretty mest up she ran over her and broke her leg but seriously it’s a fricken bike lane for BIKES Is this a new trend? OH HUH HUH LETS WALK ON THE BIKE LANE
EDIT: OH SHEEEETT dis made me sad :( I feel bad for the little girl and the mom also has to learn that she isnt supposed to walk on the bike lane >:/ This has to be in Montreal Moral of the story dont be stupid walking in the bicycle lane if I were a parent, I would be careful of where I’m walking with my child. 0:41 « madame comment vous avez pu faire ça?! » 
Mais qu’est ce que c’est que ces gens stupides!! Ca me rend folle, elle laisse marcher ses gosses sur la voie des vélos! this is just a little bit of karma. If you try walking in the bicycle  lane in the Netherlands, you would not walk away with just a broken leg. Nobody over here would even consider walking there. But then again we have more bicycles then people over here. I hope that woman didn’t get in trouble. When u walk in a """"NO WALKING ZONE"""" because people are rodi g dirt bikes and then hit you. """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING"""" Read the Danm signs people Its actually really annoying because the pedestrians will then blame it on the bikers when the bikers didnt do anything it was the pedestrians fault by walking on bike paths The mom can cool her nuggets I feel really sorry for the girl but it’s their fault so I’m on the women’s side....... Its not really the bikers fault cuz its the people who are walking in the bikers street or whatever u call it Poor baby jumps onto a train track
train kills them 
mother to train conductor
HoW cOuLd YoU dO sUcH a ThInG?!?!?! Who else just wants some pizza? Pokes beehive
Gets stung
How could you do such a thing?!? Even though I feel bad for the girl, YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO WALK IN THE BIKE LANE! I fell bad for the little girl she probably didn’t know.Her parents should pay more attention need to repaint that bike lane. Lol Jesus clearly it was the parents fault like people are sometime really stupid After the crash...



Mother:listen when someone runs you over or crashes because of walking in bike lane or car lane



Mother:blame it on them it allways work






FBI OPEN UP : “hOW COULD yOu dO suCh a thiNG?!” 
: “hOw cOuLd yOu dO suCH a thiNG bY waLkinG oN tHe biCycLe paTH?!” I love how people walk on bike lanes and expect not to get hit and when they do it’s the bikers fault...:/ Stands on top of a plane about to take off not knowing that there is somebody on top """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING"""" The mother first gave to be told doest have to be rude IT WAS ALL FREAKING HER FAULT! SHE WAS THE ONE THAT HAD TO KEEO HER CHILD SAFE AND PLUS SHE IS NOT SUPPOSED TO GO THEIR!!!!!😠 Are you wearing full face helmet because I have one I feel so bad..... 




The woman’s shoe came off Little girl:*walks into the middle of the road*

Gets hit by car


Girls mother: HoW cOuLd YoU dO sUcH a ThInG?



Moral of story: Use your Brain kids Walks in the Biking lane and puts children ahead of them clearly in danger. """"How could you do such a thing?!"""" How could you just let them be in front of you in a biking lane? That's why its called a Bike lane People these days. Walks on the street and bikes on the sidewalk. this family: HOW COULD U BREAK A BONE WTF GO DIE I HATE U BAI BIATCH
my family: eh it’s fine just deal with it if it still hurts tomorrow it’s fine too u did not break a bone it’s OK.
me: ...so over reactive... This woman shouldn't be a mother! Not only did she walk on the bike lane putting inocent people in danger but she also put her family in danger and then put an inocent biker in possible legal trouble by just following the bike path .But the thing that fires me up the most is the fact that she picked up the girl in her arms! That's the worst thing that you can do if you have a broken leg! AND SHE WAS DANGLING IT TOO!!! What’s the moral of the story?


stop being a dumbass I was 8 when this came out lol It’s called karma Robert : I'm gonna stand in front of a train. I believe in God, so he wouldn't let the train hit me. 

Person 1 : Move out the way! The train is going to hit you!

Robert : No, I believe in God. He will save me.

Person 2 : Hey!!! The train is coming! Get out of the way!!!!

Robert : Nah! Jesus will save me. I believe in him. 

20 seconds later, the train hits Robert and he died. 

Robert : God! Why didn't you save me? I trusted you! 

God : You idiot! I tried to save you. I sent two people to you to warn you of the train. sigh. I don't blame the little girl. I blame the idiot parents who decided to walk in the bike lane. lawls Wasted IT'S NOT THE BROTHER FAULT IT'S THE SISTERS WHY WHERE YOU WALKING IN THE BIKE LANE PLUS GETTING HIT BY A BIKE IS NOW BAD JUST THINK ABOUT GETTING HIT BY A CAR We that’s her fault What pisses me off is the mom and the lil brother lmfao idgaf about the little kid honestly I do get that they are fragile but more fragile is adorable old people, lesson learned dumb ass mom. Lemme just walk in front of a car and blame the driver for running me over! those people... What a bitch.  It's her fault.  Stupid mother. It was the little girls moms fault at the end of the day. Next time don’t walk in the bike lane maybe then she wouldn’t have got hit. leave the bike, take the croissants ..... I was about to say jeez it’s just a bike then it says she broke her leg I was like ......... Just realized the bike is okay. Everything is fine now. And the award of the worse mother goes to.. I understand how ya feel, dude. I'm a road cyclist in Yuma (AZ). Its way too hot on the summer to ride, and in the winter all the Snow Birds and dumb people come out and walk on our ONLY bike path. I've had to litterally get off my bike and walk through these people on more than one ocassion and almost ran into more idiots than I can count. They usually act like New Yorkers and go """"Ay im walking 'ere!"""" and I just repond with """"And this is a bike path, not a walk path."""" and just keep walking. Those dumbasses shouldn't have been walking on the bike road and the little girl wouldn't have been hit Mother should have watched out for her child Dumbass mom for not paying attention to the clear cyclist signs on the ground. The girl s hella lucky Ok ummm.... that little girl was over reacting.... sorry but like :/ I thought that the moral of the story was that if you can't learn bicycling just don't learn it then. Wow. That is a terrible mother, bc;
1. FUCKING LEARN YOUR KIDS TO WALK WHERE YOU/THEY/PEOPLE ARE SUPPOSED TO WALK
2. WHYTF YOU BLAMING THE CYCLIST FOR YOU DOING NR. 1 WRONGLY
3. WHYTF DID YOU LIFT UP YO CHILD LIKE THAT, WHEN YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE THAT HER LEG IS DANGLING LIKE IT'S DEAD, like, YO MAKING IT WORSE ?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?! LMAO I mean it’s the kids fault Such dumb asses its a bike lane not a side walk its their fault. How dumb of the padrestions I felt 0 sympathy for the little girl. LIKE GET THE FUCK OFF THE BIKE LANE!!!! People walking on bicycle lane: Fine

People walking in the middle of the road: Oh no For some reason I don’t feel bad at all I mean at all for that little girl ok let me just let my daughter walk on the bike Lane and not say anything and get mad at a cyclist for no reason when they hit her Here’s me looking again and realising that leg was way to floppy and almost puking Well it’s their fault in the first place in the bike lane, (the people walking) The family on the bike track wasn't supposed to be here. They should know better. I feel bad for kids with such stupid parents. Like these ones for example. It's called a bicycle lane for a reason Your supposed to be walking on the bicycle lane!!!!😐😐 People who dont use the sidewalk and use the bike lane SUCC BUTT and like legit that girl is acting like a wimp that probably didn't hurt. LIKE UM EXCUSE ME THIS IS A BIKE LANE 

Shes all like: HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!

Me: BRUH U ON A FRINKIN BIKE LANE THE SIDEWALKS OVERTHERE BOZO

Sorry if that was aggressive/mean +sorry for my terrible grammar, spelling etc. It's like saying oh this lane isn't just for cars let's just walk down it and get run over PATHS are for PADESSTRIONS, ROADS are for CARS and guess what BIKE LANES  are for .......BIKES That girl could have scratched the got dam paintwork! I was about to comment, You shouldn't have been on the pavement! (Or sidewalk for y'all americans) but actually you are in the right and it's their fault there’s a sidewalk for a reason people.🤦🏽‍♀️ I would of just kept on riding on my bike and if they don’t move they can happily get hit and go to the hospital Do these people actually think that if they walk in a bike lane they wouldn't expect to get hit like bruh I blame the people for not knowing what a bike lane is and a walking lane She is a child you don’t have to be so rude she looks like she’s seven years old you guys are so disrespectful and childish it’s ok the bike just needs a new screw. Okay I am just going to walk we’re  bikes ride and get mad when I get hit :) I actually don’t care she got hurt. They were walking in the car lane which is stupid. “How could you do such a think?” LOL it’s clearly not the woman’s fault that their stupid child walked in front of the woman how was she supposed to know stupid bastards LOL 
Some retards in this world and this family clearly is the biggest load of them ever. Parents irresponsible, but it's the cyclist biking where she should that's in the wrong. Sure KARMA CONFIRMED Fckin idiots ITS A LANE FOR BIKES I hate broken legs poor girl oww that hurted I Call shit there was no bicycle sign after the point where you were riding and you don't even know what happened, she could've run  into them for all you know it wasn’t the bikers fault, they were doing what they were supposed to be doing. Those people shouldn’t walk on the bike lanes with their kids. It can put them on risk for injuries. Bike lanes were made for a reason! And so were sidewalks ! The guardian should be in trouble bescuse its a BIKE LANE. For their fault the child was in danger. So how dare she say """"How could you so such thing"""" Should stay off the damn bike lane I don’t blame the pedestrian. I blame the parents. why is the bro sad his sister broke her leg like cmon man shes not dead You can see her leg dangle ewww I feel bad for the girl bc she looks pretty young so she wouldn’t know better, but completely the parents fault IT'S LIKE IF YOU WALK ON THE ROAD YOU WOULD NOT GET HIT THAT'S JUST DUMB The kids parents have no responsibility why would her mom let her walk on the bicycle lane? But it's the parents fault so she should get the pain the cyclist has no responsibility and won't pay for any damage. What a cry baby I wanted to slap that mom so bad 😂😂😂 I think it was the childs parents fault as the mother/father is the one not taking care of her and the women still wants to scold the cyclist...like it wasn't the cyclist fault it was the parents Moral of the story: blame other people for your idiotic mistakes My cousin got hit by a bike after it was on the pavement.. she got her head inside of the chain.. she has a scar in her head now.. she is scared of all bikes now The people did what they did, got what they want, and boom you have a broken legged daughter. You should of spoke up! here's another moral,stop riding bikes on public roads and maybe you won't get hurt or cause an accident genius. GeT REKt Omg 
Poor girl on my opionion it was the mothers fault blah blah they should know that something bad happend some peploe ignore the rules thats why people get hurt When I heard that she broke her leg... 😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶 I for one am glad the little girl got injured because your WALKING IN THE BIKE LANE  and if I was a biker going down that path I would just run over people like they're air because it's obviously a bike path not a sidewalk. 😒 Jumps off a cliff
Women to cliff: “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!”

Cliff: ”...” Cycalist always fucking shit up #end cycling Used to seeing dirty and overcrowded roads in india, the streets here look amazing! They should keep children in the pedestrian side it is t the cycling person fault Only good push bike rider us a squished one....bike lane is a privilege.....limpdick....try slowing down....loudmouthed dirtbag.... Yeah but like obviously if someone is in the way especially a little girl stop?? Are people actually this mean the little girl didn’t know she needed to move , get tf over it dickheads , sincerely an angry Australian “How could you do such a thing!” Well...your child was in the bike lane specifically for bikes. THATS WHY THEY CALL IT “BIKE LANES.” The cyclist is not responsible for hitting the kid, she might’ve tried to steer away, but with the entire family there and the bushes, someone was bound to get hurt.  The family is putting the blame on the cyclist when the parents are the ones to blame. A little kid doesn’t know if it is a bicycle lane or not. But the parent does! Even if they don’t speak English! 🚴‍♂️ symbol=vélo Well I'm never doing that again. """"How could you do such a thing?""""
How could you be such an idiot?? Gosh girl. The little girl was being extra They should have got out the way simple🤷🏾‍♀️ Fucking idiots shouldn't have been in the bicycle lane morons this is a horrible thing...
my grandmother was talking a morning jog (cause she gotta stay flexing) and was on the side walk and a car was coming from behind and he was on his flipping phone... and rode onto the side walk. and rode over her foot breaking it and she had a concussion because she hit her head. he kissed her forehead and drove off. me and my brother being 10,13 was hella pissed and a large group of friends made it really hard for him we egged his house stuff like that. but like bro why kid my grams? and not pay for the medical treatment? I can't believe people actually dare to ride their bikes on lanes specifically made for them when there's clearly people walking on them!! sarcasm This has annoyed me so much she deserve it for walking on the wrong side I felt genuinely bad for the cyclist who looked really guilty about it. IT WASN'T YOUR FAULT. fs what is wrong with that mother? It’s a broken leg gheez, ive snapped the bone in my leg like twice at the age of four and no one cried over it oh my god is it okay???poor you...





like i was saying is the poor bike okay??? it seemed pretty new/young. That damn child's mother angry at the biker when it was clearly not the biker or that bike's fault! This could be true or false (my vision is horrible) but from what I saw in the footage maybe the whole thing was an accident? I know when I was younger I wandered a bit too, it could have been possible the mother took her eyes off for a few seconds and her daughter wandered into the bike lane at the wrong time, I know it’s probably not the case but I don’t really feel like there’s a true villain to the story (please don’t hate on me) But wouldn’t the cyclist go flying and get hurt worse tho? Uuuiuuu i saw where the leg broke so who am I supposed to blame lol C'est simple en tabarnak criss va pas la ? C'est réservé au vélo ! Innocent ! Normal qu'elle ce face casser une jambre ! The little girl who is crying, her family put her in danger and the cyclist got hurt 🤕 all because a careless family. I feel bad for her but, seriously they shouldn’t have been walking in the Bike lane anyways “How could you do such a thing?!” Horrible horrible woman... her own fault for taking her kid in a cycle lane Everything is call the police nowadays when really use moral sense. gurl is pretty clear i mean, why would you walk on the bikes lane, should i walk in the middle of the road, in an airport where planes arrive? If I hit he girl I would just scream in the lady’s face. Lmao I’m going to hell for laughing at this Poor kid, she paid the price for her idiot mother not teaching her to stay clear of the bicycle lane. Hey man there's no explicit signal about any bike lane Stupid mom blaming the cyclist when really she should be blaming herself for taking her children in the bike lane Mum. Hey honey 
Daughter. Yes mummy 
Mum. Stand there 
Daughter. Why mummy 
Mum. Because 
Daughter. Because what 
Mum. Just do it ok 
Daughter ok 

Seconds later 

BANG 
 Mum. Opps To be honest they're being so petty Fuck them and their kid. Let's daughter walk on bike lane AND picks her up when she's hurt... Oí oí... My brain hurts... Why don’t the bike riders slow down? They know there are children walking there. Cars slow down around school zones because they know there are children around and the same should apply to bike riders on public paths. The title made me remember about mythology class OoF Their freaking fault for walking in a bicycle lane with a child Poor kid.  Her parents are fucking ignorant Hmmmm put that kid on a leash That's the pedestrian's fault. They're idiots whoever dislikes this is horrible I Hope the bike is okay Retards be like Omg drama queen Fucking cyclists.. majority of you are arseholes!! Taking the high moral ground because it’s a cycle track. What about all the pedestrians you knock down at predestine crossings, weaving in & out of traffic. 

Just hope the child was ok. 

Arseholes!! Honestly they deserved it it Cleary fucking says bikes I hate when cyclist are on the street to they become obstacles for Me Too!  Specially when they don't want to stay in the bike lane As you can see the cyclists are also on the walking side of the path I got hit by a bike, fell down, and then almost got ran over by a bus.  I was fine and it was my fault because  I looked the wrong way before crossing the street and the light changed(I was in UK but from US). Aww... I hope the bike wasn't too damaged! This makes me so mad it’s a bike lane it’s not the biker who is at fault. Ha noobs not knowing a bike was coming B) I would have hit her again tbh Own fault worst mum of the year lmao the little girl deserved it, she shouldn't have been walking on a bike path smh 'hiting' them???? . hiting? did you mean biting them??.. oh no you meant 'hiTTing', with 2 t's, you nong. Who's to say that the girl's leg is broken? It's actually difficult for something like that to truly cause a fracture of a bone, especially in children, whose bones are more """"rubbery"""". As a radiologic technologist and also registered nurse, I would say you definitely need an x-ray to determine the state of the bones. It could just be a sprain. Let's not jump the fence here. Kids cry pretty easily. I hope the bike okay The person whos bike was probably damaged should sue the parents. Fing bicyclists The fact that the lady said to the biker how could you do such a thing made me upset DONT WALK IM THE BIKE LANE DUMB ASS And the other moral of the story is :-
You cyclists don't ride on the pavement. 
You cyclists should not  jump red lights .
You cyclists don't own the road .
You cyclists pay no insurance. 
You cyclists think your allways right .
You cyclists are a menace 😡 Lmfao i aint even feeling bad 🙄 I guess those fucking retards will not be walking in the bike lane again cough cough
clears voce
parenting. let me just walk on a highway and if i get hit its there fault Btw I later found out that the bike got away without a scratch so no one worry Tbh I don’t give a fuck about how injured any of them r 
U WOULDNT WALK ON THE TOAD WOULD YOU? NOO 
BE SMART 
AND DONT BLAME OTHER POL The moral of this story is actually....Slow down on mixed pathways. Yes pedestrians can be a nuisance, but that child’s leg was broken. I live in London, so I know about vehicles and pedestrians, but cyclist do not have the capacity to stop quickly, so they should be more careful and just slow down 🌈 Moral of the story is don’t be a fucking cyclist I guess common sense is in short supply all over the world. You can see at 0.54 that her right leg is fucked up like BRUH... Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way!!! Just because you are a queer on a bike doesn't give you higher power. People on bikes are the biggest pain in the ass. I feel bad for the child That’s idiotic I whenever I see these lanes I wouldn’t think twice to ago and walk in them!! They have some in Lanzarote and I wouldn’t be so stupid to do something. Some people really need putting down. 👍🏼 this some dumb shit. I hate people lmfao I feel so bad for the brother, he looked so kind, unlike that mother of his, we should raise awareness of this, it’s CRAP I’m a kid and  have experienced something like this, but not as major but it was my friend oil, he was on the bike lane with me, I was on my bike he swerved in front of someone else and got ran over I was like told ya so he was fine just cuts and bruises Dumbasses shouldn’t of been walking in that lane oh well! They’re fault 🤷‍♀️ Drivers hate cyclists, cyclists hate pedestrians, pedestrians hate bears Slow down bicycles It’s the pedestrians fault It wasnt the bikers fault it was theirs idiots Lmao victory RoYaLe NOT the cyclists fault! The bike of lane isn't clearly marked, I bet you some idiot French politician said """"if we mark it clearly it will look ugly or will clash with the charm or ambiance...Etc” And I am reminded of how I was walking on a narrow sidewalk but a sidewalk nonetheless when two idiot bicyclists who should have been in the street nearly killed me coming up behind me in the sidewalk. They proceeded to speed on down the sidewalk and take afast right with no signalling into the driveway of a shopping area. I hate bicyclists. They don't signal they don't know or care about the rules of the road they don't stop at lights or stop signs. They are idiots. Technically, its the parents fault.
Lemme explain, so the lane was only for biking rather than walking. So basically, one little girl got hit by a bike, so that really means that it was their fault because they weren't walking at the right pedestrian lane.
So y'all don't correct me cause I seriously saw it with my Own Eyes... And of course, one more thing, how can you walk in the biking lane when you see a sidewalk? Those parents need to learn lesson, cause I ain't blaming the biker who Accidentally hit the little girl. I'm blaming the dumb parents who wouldn't follow pedestrian lane. 2.5k pedestrians disliked this video. People are not even supposed to be in the BIKE LANE THEY DONT EVEN PAY ATTENTION IF THAT WAS AN ADULT THAT WOULD BE A DIFFERENT STORY MAN!!!!! I was hit by a cyclist when crossing a bike lane in New York City. The man was so fast I didn’t see him. he hit my back and I fell to the ground and scraped my face on the cement, and he fell on top of me. My whole left side of my face was scratched up and my entire chin was open. I had to get stitches on my chin and had two big, deep scratches on my face. I didn’t go to school for a week. I couldn’t play sports for a month. It took a few months to heal, and I still have the scar. I was 11 then. Be careful. Look out for yourself and others. okay I’ve watched this now stop putting it in my fucking recommended. When the lady scream how could you do such things well serve her right she wasn't supposed to walk on the lanes That girls mom is the one who caused the trouble.
Not the person who rided the bike.

So that mom is the worst It's Holland liberal pc fascism. 
Bikers should super slow down.
They are no different than dangerous drag racing ego cyclepaths... A biker may need to stop at any time and thus becomes another pedestrian.  Bikers should slow down to the what if safety level. Biking is not a religion. 
If pedestrians are on a bike lane.... Ride slower. Whose fault is this really? ITS A DAMN BIKE LANE! ITS CALLED THAT BECAUSE BIKES RIDE THERE DONT BE WALKING ON AN AREA WHERE BIKERS RIDE! I
I f
I fe
I fee
I feel
I feel r
I feel re
I feel rea
I feel real
I feel reall
I feel really
I feel really b
I feel really ba
I feel really bad
I feel really bad f
I feel really bad fo
I feel really bad for
I feel really bad for h
I feel really bad for he
I feel really bad for her 
I feel really bad for her😔
I feel really bad for her😔🙁
I feel really bad for her😔🙁😢
I feel really bad for her😔🙁
I feel really bad for her😔
I feel really bad for her
I feel really bad for he
I feel really bad for h
I feel really bad for
I feel really bad fo
I feel really bad f
I feel really bad 
I feel really ba
I feel really b
I feel really 
I feel reall
I feel real
I feel rea
I feel re
I feel r
I feel 
I fee
I fe
I f
I 




Thats sad
 Thats sad
  Thats sad
   Thats sad
    Thats sad
     Thats sad
      Thats sad
       Thats sad
        Thats sad
         Thats sad
          Thats sad
           Thats sad
            Thats sad
             Thats sad
            Thats sad
           Thats sad
          Thats sad
         Thats sad
        Thats sad
       Thats sad
      Thats sad
     Thats sad
    Thats sad
   Thats sad
  Thats sad
 Thats sad
Thats sad
 Thats sad
  Thats sad
   Thats sad
    Thats sad
     Thats sad
    Thats sad
   Thats sad
  Thats sad
 Thats sad
Thats sad
 Thats sad
  Thats sad
   Thats sad
    Thats sad
     Thats sad Why arent they walking on the side""""walk"""" like the smart people.Why you ask? Because its can save you money and pain of a broken leg. The little boy seems to be reacting as though he just saw his sister’s leg get snapped in half. N I C E The girl deserved it Fuck wit cyclist shouldn't fucking ride so fast and be so fucking   blase about hitting a pedestrian Feel for the girl but I hope the cyclist didn’t get in trouble. Why'd the mom say """"how could you do such a thing"""" when its their fault? walks on bike lane
gets hit
Kids mum: HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!?!?!?
Me: how could you let your child walk on the freaking cycle path But aren’t the cyclists also on the wrong side in the video ? I hate it when random people just stand in the middle of bike lanes and don't expect something like this so to happen. I’m just going to walk in bike lane cause I’m stupid For some reason I don’t feel bad for her......what has happened to me Is the bike okay?! Dumb ass irresponsible parents. Of course they blame the biker... You wouldn't walk your kid down the middle of a busy motorway but a busy cycle path is fine apparently. it is just an accident don't be mad FUCKING CHILD GET OUT MY FUCKING WAY BEFORE I FUCKING KILL YOU MYSELF Who cares about the little girl ( not me !!) but , is the biker ok!!??? This is the parents fault she’s too young she should have been with her parents Parents endangering the lives of thier kids,,, should get charged by the police! I literally don't feel bad for the kid. Ik that's harsh but like yeah That’s like seeing a road and saying let me take a walk and let my children walk right beside me then we getting hit by a car say how could you do such s thing That mom is stupid who let's their child and family stay in the bike lane stupid Stay off our bike lanes dumb bitch! Typical French Canadian the mother's a dumb cunt... Ha it’s not the person who ran her over fault because they shouldn’t even be walking on the bike side and the parents should have known so This was not he child’s fault nor the cyclist but I still feel kind of pissed at the cyclist for some reason I know he or she didn’t mean to I hope that poor girl gets better her am parents are to blame they should be telling her to get out of the bike lane but it still isn’t the child’s fault cause she didn’t know and her parents didn’t tell her if it was right or wrong. ”how could you do such a thing” look, I’m so so sorry. I hit your child on a non-motorized bike because I was driving in the correct bike lane and you, being an irresponsible mother, let her walk in the bike lane. Cycling lanes..... Should be used carefully by cyclists and pedestrians. You are not at the tour of France. I didn’t understand. French people can me explain? how could they?people these days SHOOT THIS WAS MY BIRTHDAY Are these people blind there is a sign that says bikes only and its painted on the ground Well.... Baguette. This isn't the biker's fault and it will never be. """"How could you do such things?"""" Wow that's kinda dumb to ask. Clearly that's your fault dumbass Who cares of a little girl broke her leg they should not be in that bike lane it’s their fault that their little girl got hurt. They get to choose if they want to get hurt or not. Obviously there is bikers riding past them so they should obviously move so that they don’t get hurt. Let’s just walk in the bike lane and get mad at them when they run me over. 🤣 It's not correct for pedestrians to walk on bike paths but as a cyclist you should also look out. In Amsterdam for example people accidentally walk on bike lanes all the time so as a cyclist you need to have a bell to warn them and also to just look out. You can't expect everyone to be paying attention all the time That was a child. The cyclists should slow down and/or pay more attention. The poster of this video is a Fucking Douchebag. cause peoples are idiots To play devil's advocate slightly, I don't see a lot of signs in the middle of the cycle path, where it joins the road at the side.

At 18s, 27s, 32s. The problem is not that simple !
Ok cycling lane is reserved for bikes no complain about that. But pedestrians and bikes are too close, bikes usually goes too fast on this kind of lanes.
As I always says in this cases, You want to go fast ? you take the road ! Can I walk in a highway now? Ok so let me think people in a bike lane walking and that’s how you get your daughters leg broken. Think about it... moms like how could you do such a thing when really she’s in the bike lane and the Biker was also injured so cmon people you’ve got brains still... well i think. ‘how could you do such a thing?’ ugghhh shut the fuck up. people like this piss me the fuck off like oh honey you want your sympathy? yeah well sorry for your daughter but it was your fault that you weren’t walking in the right GODDAMN LANE💆🏽‍♀️💆🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ This happened to me once but I didn't break anything and there was no bike trail  everyone there knows if there's  a bike then we need to move to the side and I was skating the guy was far enough away from me and I moved out of the way into the grass but he still went after me and he didn't even care if I was ok I didn't understand why if I moved out of the way he still hit me but then I saw a phone on his hands he must have been texting while riding his bike. How could you do such thing?

Me: YOU ARE THE ONE WALKING IN THE BIKE LANE LIKE SERIOUSLY (IDIOT!), DO YOU NOT KNOW WHAT A *BIKE LANE* IS It is the parents fault. The cyclist shouldn’t have to look for people walking where it is meant for bikes. Hope he didn’t get charged. The girl can’t be mad at them either. Move bitch get out the way Tbh I was expecting a normal video with decent people that know accidents are a thing and they all work together to get the girl help. Nope, not today I guess. I don't know who asked, """"how can you do such a thing?!"""" But that's a pretty silly question to ask when it's unintentional. Then they're also walking in a group in a bike lane... Just.. No. Whelp at least the people observing on the pedestrian sidewalk on the other side knew where they should walk. these are shared paths, end of story. It's the same in ottawa, you need to be aware of people on the path and you need to wear a damned helmet. Clearly a redesign is needed, if that many people are walking on the bike-path. We can keep complaining about it, get angry, blame people and call them stupid, but it's not going to change anything. We'll have to look at what causes people to walk there, and see how the street/sidewalk/bike-path system can be designed to avoid it.
For the most part of what we saw, there was nothing on the path, to indicate that it's a bike path. Pretty sure it’s karma That kid got YeEtEd on If you see people walking in bike lane then you should not try to hit them on purpose it looks like she got very hard and that's not right pedestrians always have right of way it is the law not me me saying what a shit way to treat people just run over them not good Please grow a conscious for God's sake Oh my god, that's awful!!
Is the bike okay??? We should feel bad for the little girl.  She didn’t know it was a bike lane.  It’s her parents we need to be mad at for putting their child in danger! Its nice to know people are stupid all over tge world, not just America Damn that bike looks in pain.😢😢
is it okay? so much disgusting people in the comments.. when it will happen to your kids i hope youll still have those same words on ne touche jamais à quelqu'un blessé aussi grièvement. cette dame peut aggraver la blessure de sa fille I swear I will kill the parents and the child..such a blamer I’m glad she got hit If anyone should get in trouble is the mom, the cyclist didn't he enough time to stop, it wasn't like him/her wasn't doing it on purpose! Yea I wonder who's fault it was.. y’all are cold. i sUrE hoPe tHe biKe iS oKay I’m sorry but it was her fault I am 11 and been cycling since 4 so I know the drill Why am I laughing ? *HELL HERE I COME"""" Moral of the story is, don’t walk in the fucking Bicycle lane like wth How bout don't fuckin walking in a MARKED bike lane That's what u get if ur in the way and in the bike line move get out the way b!ch Absolutely ridiculous. How dare you ride your bike In a bike lane?
I'm just kidding, but the parents should be at fault, they put their child in danger on a trail that is for BIKES not little kids. also i think thats a path that has been shared with cyclists  not for racing just cycle slow the fact you know its shared should you not ride slower bit like not jumping lights as a cyclist  its  your lane yes but not always will those understand its a lane just for them It’s so ridiculous that pedestrians do moronic things like this. Bike trails that are meant only for bikes are ONLY for bikes! Be grateful that there aren’t any pricks on their bikes doing wheelies in the neighborhood or some shit like that. Dumbass kids I know they've shouldn't been walking on the path but at least
the person should've apologized for running the girl over, hopefully she's okay (and the bike as well..), they should put more signs there since the lane is pretty open and people will mistake for a walking lane. That’s their own fault. DONT FUCKING WALK THERE The parents should be allowed to look after that girl, they put her in danger & she got hurt. The parents deserved to get hit themselves. They got what they deserve for being so stupid to walk there. Walk on the bike lane but dont be surprised when you get run over. Thats my opinion why would you even walk on the cycle lane thats dumb The parents fault. The girls too. That cyclist should not get in trouble. Pfft and y do i care I bet they’re still going to walk on the bike path unless the police make it clear enough not to do so 🙄 How could you hit my kid when we clearly stand in the damn way. Even though the girl is in a lot of pain, it's kinda her parents fault. They blame some other innocent biker on something he didn't do. It's her parents fault. Even though I have some sympathy for that little girl. I get scared when my sister is riding her scooter in my direction,
Those things hurt your shins people. Parents fault they need to eat my fart Their fault I walk in the cyclists lane but when I see a cyclist I move out of the way this is only when there is a big crowd tho I did see a symbol on the path in the beginning of the video indicating that it was a bike path, but that was it. This video was obviously made by (and has a lot of commenters who are the same type) a cycling enthusiast...you know, one of those obnoxious people who ride their bikes in the middle of the road and don't give a damn for the cars driving around them. Why are people riding their bikes at such a high speed around pedestrians? I think the moral here is: just because you're super cool and ride a bike doesn't mean you can disregard those around you. Why are pedestrians walking on a nike path in the first place? What were the parents thinking? awh i hope the bike is ok :( omg is the bike hurt “how could you do such a thing” you think she meant to run her over it’s the moms fault anyway she’s the one asking for it it’s clearly a bicycle lane Dumb parents. Putting their kids and walking on the cyclist lane. And saying how could you do such a thing when she caused everything This angers me so much I feel you. It hppn to me and my brother. We were both riding on the bike lane and there was this old lady. Now, Our bikes didn't have any brakes and it was on gears. We had to use our feet to brake We rode on the bike lane and this old lady just walk in our lane facing us. My brother was infront of me so he rang his bell. The old lady refuses to move and just stared at him. Well. He moved to the walking lane and she moved there too and he hit her. I manage to stop in time. The old lady was cursing at him like *Are you an asshole? Do you know your place? You are going to hell.*. I was mad and just told my bro to leave. She wasnt injured badly... My bro rang his bell like couple of times but she refuses to budge and budge at the last second. Like wtf. I know it was our fault but She didnt had to curse at a 13 year old like that. This lady asked like it's the end of the world go to the doctor get a few Band-Aids and then you'll be Gucci she acts like he hit her with a motorcycle I really wish I could jump in the screen and just slap the mom and older sister in the face! “How could you do such a thing?!” 🤬That’s like walking in the  road and when you get hit getting mad at the driver. I feel bad for the cyclist getting yelled at even though she did nothing wrong! Lmao her brother is a little bitch No, sadly the little girl didn't have to get hurt that day. If the self-entitled fucking douchebag of a fucking cyclist would pay attention, just like you do when you're driving a fucking car around children then nothing would have happened. But unfortunately these fucking spandex wearing faggets on bikes figure that they've got the right of way wherever they go, blowing stop signs and driving like fucking tits that this shit happens. Fuck cyclists. They make great targets for my vehicle when they blow stop signs. The girl in bike was fined? I feel so bad for the girl but they should not have been walking in the bicycle lane Was the cyclist the one in the black T shirt I’ve hit someone before when I was on my bike and they had a go at me as I hit them but in theory I shouldn’t have to move out of my designated lane so I just cycled off while they ran after me and hit me off my bike and made me break my ankle and they were moaning that I made them bleed the tiniest bit when they snapped my ankle😂 Serves her right girl Le trottoir sert au piéton donc ils n'ont pas être sur la piste cyclable. Après oui la mère a eu peur et s'est emportée contre la dame a vélo mais c'est elle qui était en tort vu qu'elle se baladait sur un piste cyclable avec des enfants .... Mais bon il faut toujours faire attention sur les pistes cyclables a cause des piétons.. . Its called a BIKE LANE if youre walking pay attention and make sure to get out of the bikes way because 10/10 you arent going to win against a person on a bike that either tried to avoid you or couldnt. Poor girl and poor rider. get frick out of the way nerds I feel bad but that's what she gets 0:39 song? This song sounds beautiful It was her fault she was walking in the lane 😐 ‘How could you do such thing?!’ How could you as a parent not take responsibility over your child to stop things like this happening to your child?! Sorry to say this but the parents should look after the kid not cyclists fault Ok look there’s cyclists in a lane and you decide to go in that lane what do you think is gonna happen if your not watching your child or not looking where your going?yeah an accident will happen That poor kid.  I think the bicyclist should go slow enough to stop.  The pedestrians have right of way. The mom is soo stupid i actaul want to puch all of them even the kids its not hws fault its yours DONT WALK in the bike lane she got what she deserved This is messed up, they’re basically saying “Lemme walk in the wrong lance and get mad when my kid gets hit” the parents put the kid in danger, “why would you do such a thing?” I wanna slap the mom Oh let me put my child on the high way!*gets run over* THIS IS YOUR FAULT YOU TERRIBLE HUMAN Well people need to learn that you shouldn't walk in the bike lane. Better yet you can see bikes coming up and down the lane so you should have had an eye on the child instead of just letting her run around. It's sad she got hurt but the blame isn't just on the biker. Oh may gad! Is the bike okay??! Lets all pray for the bike that must have costed hundreds of dollars! There was a great sidewalk but they wanna be ignorant and walk somewhere else cause its to crowded Um k i will take wrong escalators and blame the store to be rich Poor lady gets blamed Okie ik the kid btoke her leg but i would be yelling well not yelling but like telling them that like thats a bike lane and thats not the bikers fault its the moms fault for walking in a bike lane. There for her saying how could u do a thing in unesaptable beacuse the peaople arent ment to be there and ither way it was an accedent """"How could u do such a thing """" is an unacceptable thing to say when ur somewhere ur not saposed to so if that biker gets charged for anyreason i would go hecktic on the mom I live in Montreal and I hate that little stretch of... I don't even know what; as you can see, where the accident happened, there is nothing marked on the road. I've made the mistake of starting to walk down that path only to see  bikes, figuring out it must be a bike path, and then finding somewhere else to walk -- but you wouldn't know it, since it's not marked. 
There should really be some yellow lines, or some signage that either lets people know that it's a bike path, or lets people know that the bike path ends and becomes a multi-use path. This gave me anxiety See this is why where I live they did away with bike lanes on the sea front. It forces cyclists to slow down and pedestrians to be more aware of what’s going on around them. The bike lanes always get walked in and the cyclists never stay in their lanes. Plus there is no good side on a seafront to put a bike lane, nearest the road or the beach. There is a designated bike lane all the way along the beach on the road but the cyclists hardly ever use it. It's Harambe all over again ah she broke her leg, “how could you do such a thing” sis says you your the ones letting your kids walk in the bike land im so glad he hit her Why didn't the mother teach her child that there is two lanes on the sidewalk? It is the little things parents forget to teach kids.
Sorry if my English is bad. """"How could you do such a thing!""""





And that ladies and gentlemen, are words from a mom who lets their child in the bike lane. Awwwww poor girl😢😢😢😢😢😢.1 like=1 person prays L Nazi pieces of shit Sorry,but they deserved that Its not the Cyclist fault. Its the girls fault Is it bad that I don’t feel bad for the little girl at all her parents should have been walking were they were supposed to ... I agree. And it looked as if the mom was blaming the bicyclist?? 😂😂 of course. “How could you do such a thing?”😂 oh people... That's what she gets tbh.Not to be rude This is why when I'm walking I always stay to the far edge so if a bicyclist do come through they can pass. Most usually say """"to your left"""" or """"to your right""""to informal me that they're passing by. Is that a road or a pathway? I really wish ppl would treat park pathways like a road (1 side for each direction) but not everyone can be polite & courteous, most ppl live in their own selfish world & love to blame others when things go bad....I hope the little girl is okay but hopefully now her parents will teach her to be more aware of her surroundings. Idiots Why call feds it was an accident obviously the padestrians were on the bike path It’s their own stupid vault they need to walk on their lain stupid people and even getting mad when they are worng Why would they walk there, it is just putting it in risk to get hurt, looks like they have to learn which is the bike line and the walk line or soon they will walk the road line where cars drive Good run over. 10 / 10. I feel bad for the poor child, she didn't do anything wrong, but I hope the mother felt guilty. Moral of the story don't be a fucking idiot and watch where your going. simple fact is you can't run over a child and say it was their fault or the parents fault if you can't stop that's your problem Love how the mom just picks her up and lets the leg flop around 🙄 Its that hard to just go to the right lane for pedestrians  to walk..wow didn't know it was I hate when people do that when i ride my hike to school people lgit run across the street only looking for car and not cyclitsts.And i was riding my bike there were no cars and some women decided to just run infront of me.luckily i hit the brakes fast bad part was i hit only the front brake and i almost fliped over.i legit staryed yelling at the women like hey wth i cpuldve run u over and shes like its ur fault u gotta be care ful bc people run out of no where They shouldn't of been in the bike lanes anyway...its they're own fault First I feel bad for the child I mean she broke her leg and she shouldn't of been in the bloody lane and the parents are very stupid I thought u hit her No bicycles were harmed during the make of this video. How tf Stupid ass little girl🙄 Who cares, gtfo out the bike lane you ding bats. Again....it's all about parenting.... For god sake that is not a cyclists fault. It’s that stupid brainless parents fault for going in the bike lane! It’s a BIKE lane!!! Ban cyclists out the space. They're ugly, they stink and are worst danger in traffic. Bicycles are toys and belong on the playground. Get your stupid fucking child out of the bike lanes fucking moron parents. girl gets hit as other watch from where they're supposed to be Well done mum pick her up with a broken leg cause more damage!!!!! It's called a bike lane for a reason... Whiny little brat If it’s a bike path don’t get fucking angry when you get hit by a bike. Those parents are fucking stupid. It was probably the kids fault. the kid is overreacting. stupid parents and child smh It disgusts me than nobody even feels for the kid who broke her leg. It’s not the fucking kids fault, it’s her parents. Feel bad for the 5 year old who broke her leg. Jesus fucking Christ. Just blame the parents. Don’t blame the cyclist or the kid. Who cares! Get off you-tube. I will just say """" well im sorry but yall is walking in a bike only lane so i dont care"""" * me riding away* well! that lil girl and her family shouldnt of walked there The pedestrians parents deserved it..... I understand the mother is upset but she should be the only person to blame, your basically putting yourself and your child up for risk to be hit if you walk in the fucking bike lane. Why are they mad when they are standing in a bike path it’s the family’s fault wow 😂😂 The family stupid Guys don't worry the guy was alright I repeat the bike guy is alright. “How could you do such a thing?!” BITCH GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY WAY. ITS LIKE WALKING IN THE ROAD AND BLAMING IT ON THE DAMN DRIVER. Glad they fucking got hurt. I feel bad for the kids. They didn’t really have a choice but to follow their parents around and their parents made a bad choice that ended with their daughter getting really hurt. Poor girl. These idiots really need to stop walking in the bike lane. Fucking Temple run real life edition. Parenting 101
Leaving your child at the bicycle lane. What could possibly go wrong? Who else can't see shit 🙋🙋 The family needs to see where there going honestly. 😬 Wow no brother usually cries over their siblings getting hurt lol I wonder if the cyclist had to pay for it It’s their fucking fault. The parents are just selfish and blame it on the cyclist. Don’t walk on the bike path if you don’t wanna get hit ffs. Correction: """"Person gets in the way of cyclist"""" She sounded annoyin af but i hope shes okay Bike lane!!!!!!!! Bike lane!! Well that idiot of a woman should of kept her dumb child off the bike path but she looked old enough to know not to walk there.....idiots the area where the girl was hit didn't have any markings that that side was a bike path. and you can see that bikes were going through what the guy was indicating as """"walk path"""". So I don't think you can blame the family if they weren't aware. Bikers need to slow down when they see people and use common sense. Sidewalk side WALK NOT BIKE LANE Blame the parents not the kid Fuck that kid it’s their fucking fault I hate them Well.its not the fault of the bysicle driver... Same thing happens here in zaragoza Spain. They actually removed the bike lanes """"were in green paint"""" in certain  areas because there were so many collisions with pedestrians. That makes no sense! Punish the bikers because pedestrians don't look where they are going. Aww poor kid. Sike, get the fuck out of the bike lane you simpletons I legit give 0 fucks about that little girl. Dont walk in the fucking bike lane. Poor girl but honestly their fault It's their fault because they didn't respect the fact that they were walking on the bikes side MY TOEHOHO!!!!! Yeah, this week, I got hit in the eye at school with a fucking rubber chicken! It made me so mad how they acted like the woman who hit them was a monster.. Definitely not the bikers fault, they were in the BIKE LANE. Not the human obstacle lane, so really, they should have been on the side walk. walks into bike lane
bike runs over kid 
parents get triggered
""""WHY WOULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!?!"""" That wasn’t the cyclist fault it was the parents because they should not be walking there well it’s the dumb kids fault That’s their fault On one hand the little girl should not have been there and the parents should have paid more attention. Also maybe she was particularly fragile. But on the other hand to break her leg like that the biker was riding way too fast And that people...is why you walk on the sidewalk damn lil kid yo should watch whats going and you (the child of the mother) dont be like that its ur fault why u go walking on the bike lane


like if u agree Her leg was like.. Pudding ew Anyone from DC? It is a pain in the ass getting to work with all the cyclist and scooters cutting in between lanes and hogging full lanes. It's so annoying. I've seen 2 accidents in the past month. I don't really feel bad for the girls parents... They asked for it. Hopefully those parents break their leg like the girl did. What the hell.. it’s the parents fault because they put their child in danger for walking in the bike lane! But I feel bad for the big brother because he started crying... I don’t know why """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Ur fault for going on the bike lane with ur young child. I hope the little girl is okay tho. Oh my god, fuckin dumb ass. How the hell are they getting mad when they were walking in the fucking bike lane🤨😐😑 Wow That's what she gets for walking on the bike lane What she gets Poor little girl Y'all caring about the bike and the girl but what about the ground? Sure the bike got scratched a but but your forgetting the ground had to take the weight of the bike and the girl, RIP ground HAHAHAHHAHA she broke her leg Walk on the path dumbos it was girls foult you can't walk thereee Like it’s your fault you don’t  know the simplest ways to protect your child like bruh Sad that a child had to suffer because of a negligent parent. Heartless people stop saying the little girl desired it that was mean did you hear the crying and stuff and then you worry about the bike I mean she isn't the dumb ass she doesn't know better she was like 4 and u guys like that she got hit.??? She did not deserve it it was her parents that took her over there.  And your caring about a little ding on a bike.... It's worse when the people end up jogging on the bike lanes. It's basically commiting suicide. Why is this in my recommendations? This happened in 2013. If that was me, I'd slap the people walking in the cycle lane It almost happened to me today and I was walking on the sidewalk! I don't care! Don't fucking speed on your bike! Just like people shouldn't speed in a car. That stupid cunt lady who ran that kid should of got a beat down and dragged through Montreal streets! The lady said, how could u do this? It’s kinda ur fault. Don’t walk in a bike lane... ESPECIALLY IF U HAVE LITTLE KIDS I want to slap the mom so bad. Don't walk in the damn bike lane. It's a bike lane! What do you not understand?! wtf Let me just go walk across a runway and get mad when I get hit by a jumbo jet. Well, I'm pretty sure the mother is upset, but she has no one to blame but herself. the little girl can walk it off, she's being petty. She can suck it up. Sad how I didn’t feel bad for the little girl but for the bike that got hurt I don’t understand why people get that stupid to walk in a bike lane. Asking to get hit. My town doesn’t even have bike lanes so if you’re biking in my town it’s even harder to stay safe as a pedestrian or biker #RuinedMyDay Why do bikers have to ride fast tho? If they know there is lots of pedestrians and they cant speed smoothly why can't they choose a different place to go? """"How could you do such a thing?""""

Bitch, it was your damn fault in the first place. There's literally DRAWN PICTURES of bikes on the bath you were walking on! I dont blame that little girl , her fucking mother cant read signs and tell that they are walking on a bike lane , then they proceed to blame to cyclist smh. Stupid parents. That poor lady must have felt so much guilt yet its not her fault that this accident happen well its bike lane for a reason Oml that family is dumb it was there fault I live in Montreal and the French people here are so unaware of their surroundings, especially when it comes to driving. The family way over reacted lmaooo my parents would have been like walk it off If you look closely, there’s a perfectly functional sidewalk that can be utilized to, you know, WALK on. 🤦🏻‍♂️💆🏻‍♂️ It’s not like she died....plus you should really walk not where there are cyclists. That brother was so emotional 





If that happened to me my brother would laugh at me and run away cyclists need to slow down; especially when children are on the path.  A dumb ass sign 1/2 km away does not help either. You wouldn't let your kid walk on the road with cars so why would you think its perfectly fine to let them walk on a bike lane...? I hope that mom got fined for child endangerment and fined for the biker's injuries. Haha idiots “Walks in the middle of a highway” gets hit by a car “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING” Dumb fucking family Fuck the girl and the parents they were on the bike lane so it's what they get Ok blame the mom or any adult that was taking care of the girl she knew exactly well what she was putting the children in danger I was outrage when she said in French why did you do that? Are you serious woman why did you do that? Well maybe it's because you didn't want to walk on a sidewalk like a pedestrian will do stupid fuckin people,thats what they became most of them,dumb as plug. I say just run over all the pedestrians in the bike lane then they’ll learn there lesson plus it’s not like they can sue you if you’re in the right, and they’re not. I dont get why people walk in the bike way likes it not like its easier to walk there, the walking experience doesnt change people are just dumb If u dont teach ur kids the importance of not walking on the bike path this shouldnt happen... Idiot ass fucking mom 'How could you do such a thing?' Words of a parent who puts their child in danger and looks to blame someone else when they get hurt lol idiots. The moral of the story is even with pedestrians on the bike path do not be a son of a bitch cyclist, do not harass or threaten people with would not like to be threatened by cars. I run on this exact path almost daily....it is NOT a """"bicycle only"""" path. So...yes, everyone should be paying attention while they enjoy the path. Those on foot and on wheels....but, a child is a child....if you run them over with your bike, even on a """"bicycle only"""" path, it's YOUR fault. I don't care what the law states, I don't care what your feelings are, I don't care what you feel your rights are...you hit a kid, you hurt a kid, the problem is YOU!! go kick rocks if you feel you can't fit into that part of society. Wow. I mean what else could you expect ? At the beginning reading the title I tought that it was you hitting someone People be saying there was no sign but if you look closely, there's lines on the ground just like in the beginning, a couple meters away from the accident. Also, the video doesn't show enough of the """"side entrances"""" for you to actually see if there's a sign, maybe there's one behind the bushes Deserved as hell. Wtf is wrong with the mother? You could clearly tell the girl was sorry yet she was screaming at her... Gosh society is fucked up Bike lanes were specifically made to seperate the pedestrians from the bikes. Yet the dumbass pedestrians walk on the bike lane. I would’ve slap the mother so bad if i was you ! Fr who the fuck she think she is she’s screaming at the lady on her bike when it’s her daughter’s fault ! Good iam glad they hit her its a bike path maybe she will learn her lesson next time serves you right. dude why are they argueing while they could be running and calling the ambulance... Title should be parent breaks little girl's leg due to neglect. Money can buy you a bike or anything you want, but money cannot buy you common sense. i hope the bike is okay """"How could you do such a thing?!"""" How can you be so stupid as to walk on the bike lane when there are obviously many bicyclists? I hate with vitriolic passion when people walk where moving automobiles/bikes are. dumbass pedestrians oh lordy I agree, stupid slow people in lanes they shouldn't be in. It should be legal to run over cyclists on the roads when they should know better not to be there. Oh wait, you're whining about pedestrians on bike lanes. Carry on. 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣 Too fast in congested areas. Share. Bikes don't like pedestrians in their way & cars don't like bikes in their way. The world isn't getting any less populated. Be gracious, careful & considerate of all others. In New York City, it is a strict crime for pedestrians to walk in bike path Hey lemme just bicycle in a car lane and get mad when a truck kills me. oh wait That's the moral???? Dushbag!. Bikers being pisces about people walking in the bike lane. But every day I have to deal with bikers in the street. Omg the mothers acting like the girl hit her with a car! Calm your tites I TELL YOU THE TRUTH THOSE PEDESTRIANS NEED TO BE WHERE THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO BE NOT IN BICYCLE LANE I MEAN HELLO PEOPLE WAKE UP deserved it XD First world problems. why are you even filming. Get a life. Damn some pedestrians are so entitled I remember as a little kid in the 80s, I wandered in bike path on Venice Beach, caused guy to crash.  He cussed me out too, even though I was only like 8 or 9. how could you do such a thing?! Lol really like she wanted to hit the kid? just dont walk there stupid lady you put your child in danger now the little kid as to suffer I hope bike was okay. You can't just walk on cycling lane are you dumb?????? They are so lame!!!! Bruh, wdtm """"how could you do such a thing"""" they shouldn't even be on the path I feel the same way about Bikes on on street with cars,  meh. I'll remember that attitude next time I drive past one of the flower memorials for some cyclist who went under the wheels of an HGV, you two wheeled shit house... Why is the brother crying? Just throw the whole girl away at this point. 🤷🏻‍♀️ I live in CA, Bikers always complain about cars and pedestrians yet they never follow any of the road rules. Always in the middle of the car lane, running red lights and stop signs etc etc.. entitled hypocrits if you ask me. Pedrestrians first, cyclyng out of this line This pisses me of so much u can't blame the cyclist when ur walking on a cycle lane wtf It s the parent s fault they were walking on that lane 0:55 her poor leg It’s bad that the girl broke her leg but they should have been walking on a cycling lane anyways! they have bike lanes next to paths and sidewalks now? ive literally never seen a bike lane. if thats the case why cant people just walk on the sidewalk? """"Thankfully the cops are on the scene"""" ??????? 😂🤣😂🤣😂 imagine the chaos that would have occurred if they wersnf there !!!! 😂🤣😂🤣 Its a shame it wasn't worse. Fuck idiots. We don't need them here. Oh boy. Let's apt the same logic there to cyclists who all demand that drivers let them use the roadway.

Do you ever see a cyclist saying that they were at fault in am accident with a car. Just cause it’s a cycle lane doesn’t give you an invite to cycle at ridiculous speeds fast enough to break a leg. Wanna do that ? Use the road,small kids are curious and think the world is safe, and anyway,that wasn’t a very well marked area where the girl was smashed. Lead us all to everlasting life in Christ holy name amen It doesn't matter if it's exclusively a bike path or a shared path. I'm not a cyclist so I'm not saying this because I ride. But pedestrians regardless of age are terrible on paths. They will mindless walk along them not bothering to follow the rules, if they've even bothered to learn them. They'll take up both lanes preventing cyclists from passing safely.  It usually happens when a cyclist approaches from behind. When they hear a cyclist yell out """"to your left"""" they freak out. Instead of moving over to their right and letting them pass by safely. They tend to turn around and stand there frozen or they move to the left instead causing the cyclist to hit them. I would ask your city why they haven't made it more obvious that it's a bike lane. Painted a different a different colour, markings down the middle of the lane etc...As an outsider, I could easily see why people would mistake it for a footpath, or at least shared use. It's only right at the beginning of the clip that any obvious bike specific signage could be seen at all. Where is this? Because I went on vacation to Montreal and there's a place near the water in old Port that looks a lot like this. Same city bike rental on the left, same train tracks on the right. Of course this is from 2013 so it looks a bit different now but it looks like the same place. There is  bike path and a walking path. They have the same problem here in Sweden too. People want to walk on the bike path. ITS THE PARENTS FAULT IDIOTS As I ta old a lady today in the Brooklyn Bridge after I accidentally hit her child with my bike... I you walk with your kids on a bike lane you're are BAD PARENT Kinda reminds me of bikers riding in traffic.... hmmm. Go fucking ride your bike in the roads, see how that fucking feels I feel bad for the little girl cause she's just following her adults. Poor little girl. :( People who say it’s the parent’s fault, where was the street paint for the bike lane? Stupid french lol. Lil pussys ....it’s funny how this works... Drivers getting mad at cyclists for riding on the road and taking up a whole lane slowing down traffic.... and now cyclists getting mad at pedestrians for the same thing.... 🤔 Hmmm Karma’s a bitch Idgaf. Little girl or not nobody should be walking in the bicycle lane, I don’t feel sorry for their dumbasses. Bike lane doesn’t mean you can ride so fast. This is not a fucking freeway. This is sad. I did this today young kid was looking the other way and i hit him poor kid hope he is ok """"How could you do such a thing? """". How could you walk on the bikes lane with your child!?  You clearly don't care about either one y'all safety People its just too stupid this last years... poor girl, she is not gulty for the stupid parents she has. here in the US we install brakes on to our bicycles. crazy thing. I wish her parents would go to jail for at least a year to learn not to walk ON A BIKE PATH. bunch of fucking idiots Is the floor ok? They need to make that line larger so the dumbos could see it Why dose anyone need the police?? okay i’m scrolling down the comments sections and i see people saying stuff like i hope that bike is okay and that boy is sensitive for being emotional over his sister being hurt. I wanna say wth is wrong with people yes i see that they were walking in a bike lane and that it’s wrong i know. But you can’t be seriously blaming that little girl. She didn’t know any better and it’s much more so the family’s fault for walking on a bike lane. So stop acting toxic seriously why? If it was his daughter ... he would be só sporty about it.
Cicling ar that speed 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Those are educated people right? She and the parents deserved it! Wtf you doing on the wrong side! I hope ur leg will be broken a long time Sounds about white. moral of the story: take a car. people on bikes think they own the world. next time I see a biker in the street, I shall run him over 0/10 
Nobody surrendered Poor bike lady must've felt horrible even though she did nothing wrong :( Why are you going to call  the police for that they have more importants call I can sort of see why people walk on it. The footpath has bollards all over it and is blocked from view of the scenery on the right. Looks to be quite narrow as well. The bike lane is also poorly marked as a bike lane. Yes, cyclists could slow down but that defeats the purpose of having a bike lane. I hope the cyclist wasn't too traumatized and the little girl made a full recovery. In the same way the pedestrians don't walk on the roads because safety, they wouldn't walk on bike lanes for the same reason. If you walk like a pedestrian on a highway there is a high probably to get hit by a car, if you walk on a bike lane you should get in mind that you can be hit by a bike. Okey, but dont use the bike in the road, the road was built to drive cars. Regards I wonder if this is a speciality in France because in Germany and the Netherlands people try to stay away from the bike lane as I remember. Sure sometimes there is someone who doesn't get it but never crowded like in this video. That stupid bitch """"how could you do such a thing?"""" how could you be a bad mother teaching your kids bad habits like walking in the bike lane, not to mention either you weren't paying attention to people on bike riding towards your daughter, good look out mom..... Just like bikers like to take of auto roads, bikes HAVE to watch out for people.   its bikers fault just as if a car hit a bike rider. same rules goes on down the line. SHARE THE ROAD I only seen one sign indicating is was a bike lane, so it's the government fault French is so sexy. Japanese is also sexy i want to learn them both, but after learning a bit of japanese i realize the sexiness that i found in the language vanishes beacause i can make sense of the sounds im producing. Serves the family right really Nobody wouldve gotten hurt if they werent there to begin with. Its why they made a separate lane to begin with I blame the little girl. First off the mom is dumb don’t move the child when the limb is clearly broken. Second don’t walk in a bike path. Third pay attention to what’s ahead of you and don’t ram 9 year olds. Omg there is a sidewalk and then a bike bath PEOPLE THERE IS A SIDEWALK SO U DON’T GET HIT Perfect time to steal the bime S t a y    i n     Y o u r    L a n e Ironic how there's a sidewalk right across from them Omg I so relate to this....I ride the bike paths around my area...it’s almost always the Mexicans who seem to not care where they walk....they walk on the wrong damn side against the arrows clearly telling them otherwise...I’ve had near altercations with a few....I stand my ground against these retards. Unfortunately the pedestrian sued the cyclist later and won the damages...sad Stupid blind fools. Karma is a bitch This is exactly how I’ve fractured my collar bone and my arm on different occasions, pedestrians are in the way of the cycle lane so I go around them. At the speed I was going, it was hard to realise the ditch in front. That's like walking in the street and crying because you got hit by a car. Dang is the bike ok *crying in french* Damn D: You can actually see how broken her leg is; it's bent like rubber!
(But this is clearly the parents' fault) Ahem. Good





Don't sue me I accidentally ran over some kid on a scooter because he was in the bike lane... Some parents need to watch their damn kids. My friend broke his wrist, arm, and 3 fingers because someone got in his way. i was walking on a path in flordia, it said no bikes but a biker was biking, my mom was moving to the other side of the path to get out the way of another person walking, my mom was walking two of my dogs, and he almost ran over one of my dogs, don’t act like you guys are so innocent, you almost took a life It feels like the opposite where I’m at, we have designated bike trails but most cyclists absolutely refused to use them. It wasn’t until someone got hit and killed recently before they started requiring them to use the bike trail, instead of the road 4 feet to their right Stupid white people! HAHA! So she put her child in harm's way ND now someone else is to blame.. LOL Lol idiots Well it’s for bikes so The woman put her daughter in jeopardy and she’s an idiot for it The city needs to paint more signs on the pathway To be honest it isn't that clear that this road is a bike lane. 
Look at 0:18. There is on the left side an entrance to the bike lane and i can't see a sign which says that warns the pedestrians and I assume that there are more entrances like this. Agree it like walking on the road HELL yes. I bet that dumb little bitch moves next time...... this is how it feels when u drive on the fucking road too So is the entire path supposed to be just for biking? Or is it half pedestrian and half biking?  I don’t live in a city so our bike paths are just sections of the road. Why do cyclists act so entitled, whether they are on a road or a pavement they have this , “I HAVE A RIGHT TO BE HERE “attitude. 
The fact is that regardless on whether you’re riding a bike or driving a car you have to be so aware of your surroundings, not everyone adheres to the correct rules.
And, by the way, I saw cyclists on the pedestrian side in that clip. Luxembourg has the same issue Countless signs showing it’s a bike lane and they take a fucking trip into it. People these days Cyclists really are the scum of the earth. Mother should get done for neglect. But there were cyclists on the pedestrian lane too and maybe the cyclist was riding really fast too i ride a bike most of the time and people in cars dont check their right turns ever Bikers are dumb And another moral for you bikers: Car road is for cars, it's not right for you to ride on them.. Fuck you cyclist scum Not to be mean but they should use some common sense cause they are in a bike lane so what do you execpt. I’m so happy that this happened She carries this kid like she had stepped on an ied... My gawd get a hold of yourselves that kid got YeEtEd on Calm down it was a little girl oh but if it was you when you where little your parents would get mad at the biker but I'm blaming it all on the biker where where the parets Oooh look a railroad! Lets get infront of the train, get hurt and get mad 😁😁 such a good idea now cyclists understand how car drivers feel about cyclists riding in car lanes....fucking dip shits. just because they choose to be morons. Simple as that. Lmao!! This is exactly  how it is on the road except  change pedestrians for cyclists  and cyclists  for motor vehicle  users. You get what you want by getting your own lanes but some of you still ride two or more abreast or ride too close to the next lane and cry for more space... to me that crying young girl is every inconsiderate  cyclist:p I still hate cyclists Hahahahaha if you walk in a fucking bike lane expect to get hit Why does the mum pick her girl up. When she walks off the leg is clearly bending the wrong way!! You can’t pick up someone with a broken leg like that! It will make it worse! She needs to leave her on the ground until the paramedics arrive Another arsehole on a bike..... I feel sorry for the injured kid more because her parents are retarded. Ah so just like when bikers get out of their bike lanes on the road and complain about cars hitting them. I don't see black people here? Whether or not the pedestrians are wrong is irrelevant. He HIT A LITTLE GIRL. This could’ve been completely avoided if they walked on the sidewalk I will cycle to mordor! Their own fault Lmfaoooo that’s what the little girl gets It's not a bike only path and kids may run out for any reason. If riders want to ride fast go on the road!!! Poor girl, too bad her parents are morons. At least here is the states it's the padestrians have the right away. Bike fall under similar laws that cars have to. 

And let's be fair.. if you're on a bike unless you are doing stupidly high speed which you shouldn't be if there are pedestrians around you are going to see a kid walking in the road from a distance off...enough to either move or slow down. What idoits Tourist sometimes just don't know. Dang😩😩😩😩😩 Moral of the story...cyclists, not all, think they're privileged. They whine when riding on the road that cars need to give way to them. Why can't you give way to pedestrians. As you say, """"Share the road"""". Oui fin quelle idee de marcher sur le passage pour velo You're in the fucking bike lane. What did you expect? so the child hits the biker and mother of that child walks away? is the bike alright? the lil girl deserved it lmao i bet they won't walk on bike lanes anymore stupid ass parents more signs on the floor !!!  .... and this is not a racetrack  where Cyclist and Pedestrian come together .... Cyclists should be deleted from all over the world That’s cause pedal snobs invaded every other road and walkway. 🎻 poor poor you Fuck u all Humans! Stay in your fucking lane peasants And still to this day they continue to walk in the bike path . No texting while biking oh boo hoo A kid got hit by a bike back in the old days kids got hurt all the time and that's how they grew tough I'm like these little snowflakes nowadays This happens in SF. Except its bicyclists getting killed by cars. Its so satisfying to witness. Moral of the story? Dont go against a car, you’ll lose 100% of the time. The paths can be hazardous .seen enough on them not to take my kids on them “Trying to call the police”?  I would’ve thought calling an ambulance would be more sensible. Es ciclo vía no pista de carreras. Ya se parecen a los motociclistas desenfrenados. Parents need to be taught and need to teach their kids to share the road.  If they are walking on a path that is used by both pedestrians and cyclists, they should remain on one side and. It obstruct the traffic moving in either direction.  Hopefully both the girl and cyclist are ok now. She gone learn today In the beginning you were in a bike lane, hence the line dividing the two lanes. Where they hit the ped, that wasn't a bike lane anymore. Hahaha bikers complaining about people being in the way?! Fucking idiots....walk on the sidewalk not the bike trail """"How could you do such a thing?""""
Bitch please, if that were me I'd hit you instead. Why is the mom swinging the girls leg around smh It's clear that many pedestrians use this walkway/bikeway/whatever.  If a pedestrian walks into the middle of the road and I can stop, I have a legal obligation to stop.  The bicyclist is a dik. It's not the cyclist fault Like a bike can't stop in time.  """"This is a BIKE LANE!  STAY OFF IT!  I'M GOING TO RIDE REALLY, REALLY FAST, AND IF I PLOW INTO SOMEONE, THAT'LL TEACH 'EM A LESSON!!""""  This is why so many people hate bicyclists. These comments are proof that you bycicle wankers are mentally challenged. You all gathered and agreed that it's OK that a child got hit and got a broken leg because that cretin hit her on a bicycle. It's not like he's driving a Kawasaki, he's not meant to go so fast like you monkeys think you are entitled to, and then forget there are people around. That path is there so you don't inconvenience regular traffic not to boost your 7year old ego. Adults on bicicles should wear hats with propellers on them as to signal normal citizens that they are part of a special population and that we should be careful because they can be a danger to themselves and others around. kids pay for parents misguidance... Yeah....blame the water for people drowning!!! Fucking pussy ass french Canadians both of you can fuck off Okay I was wondering why there was no Arabs around... since France is the most diverse country in Europe. Then I saw the date and it said 2013

“Before the Middle East conflict”

Good old days That why I always scream at them to get the fudge outa my way.gosh they bring cyclists in danger and their kids.The women on the bike who hit the girl wasn´t even at fault and was even hurt to! Your obviously outnumbered by pedestrians walking . Go do your lance Armstrong impersonations somewhere else. If you keep complaining enough . there will be a flash mob coming to a trail near you just to tickle your fancy. Song? You ask 500 miles by the proclaimers.. I wouldn't give a fly fuck... That wasn't the place to walk by. “How could you do such a thing”, like they meant to do it. Well now you know how we feel when you take over the street huh we have to look out for you and drive around your stupid ass Yet pedestrians walking in the street have the right of way when it comes to 2,000 pound cars... In the case of an accident the car is at fault. Same should go for pedestrians walking in a bike lane, be more careful moron. Nobody's fault your French Pedestrians are lead to believe they have the right away no matter what. They will blindly walk across roads because they know somehow the cars will stop. They are probably libtards too. The moral of the story?........simple.......women cant steer their bikes any better than their cars. Doesn't help that most cyclists are prima donna a@holes, wanting it both ways. Then maybe where you live should make a clear distinction OF the bike path instead of only acknowledging there even is one at all on a very small section of that path viewable only until 0:04. There is no other indication it IS a bike path. Streets have bike lanes. You can't just expect people to assume an unmarked length of paved way is intended for bikes only. How are they to know the bicyclists aren't impeding a WALKway? Bikes already have designated lanes. On the street. If there is one separate from that, it's marked very clearly. The entirety of the path; Not just in one small portion. Oh wow You don't know if the person hit was in the bike lane or not - you didn't see it - you have made an assumption to further your own agenda - you're a bullshitter and a tossbag Your whole video I saw multiple bikers in the pedestrian side. Your thoughts? Yall are fucking st upid... It isnt fucking clear that there is a fucking bicykle lane.... Idiots.. Les pietons sont de gros cons. Bien fait  ! Stay in your lane !! Feel bad for the Rider too It’s a cry fest The path is not marked well at all.  Its all set up for self-righteous bicyclist to bitch about. """"I saw a sign a half-mile back that says you're supposed to be on the other side of the path.  Why aren't you there?"""" Now imagine someone going backwards on the road. Obviously they are in the wrong lane and should just simple move aside or pull over, and i get that bikes arent as dangerous as cars but that doesnt change the fact that its your fault for walking in the wrong lane. No one would just purposefully ram their bike into people and even if they did why would they specifically choose your child. Im just saying its not hard to move to the side. The cyclist is in the wrong. The pedestrian always has the right of way. Even in bike lane, if you see pedestrians, slow down, and the little girl would not have broken her leg. Simple. Slow it down if there are people about..nob French people are the most noisy when they fell happy,scare,hurt...... 😂 Ring, ring, ring, my bell until they go deaf mode. Pass on left all the time. No bell use vocal cords attention,attention!!
And believe it even after bell and yelled they still look dumb at you!! People dont care until they get hurt and they use a child as argument. Lovely Bushes... This doesnt happen in the Netherlands... people just don't dare to. French people face palm It's as if roads are for cars, and cyclists are obstacles 🎤🔊MOVE BITCH! GET OUT THE WAY! GET OUT THE WAY BITCH! GET OUT THE WAY!!🎶 Cyclist are the worst. In any country, in any circumstance... the worst. Hahaha, little slut deserves it. Nothing to be sad about. A life lesson was learned. I say the same thing about you guys on the roads. She deserves that i hate when ppl do that like bitch going on a fucking side walk and the mom is stupid for letting her walk there like bitch wheres ur head at I know the family was in the wrong but where I live, unless it's a bike trail almost all bike lanes are painted a dark green on the concrete so it's easier to distinguish i got hit by a motorcycle on the walking lane, now thats a reason to get pissed, these pussys should just walk were they are supposed to esp with kids!! I hate dumb ass people As a biker you would also be able to slow down! That's an option deeeeeuuuh! The cyclist seemed to be a Sunday biker(or someone who rides once an while In London you have to cross a bike lane to get to a station and I remember a guy who was a good 20 to 30 yards away from me decided to speed up and tried to ride in to me on purpose he replied """"watch where you're going"""" in an angry voice...typical biker How dare you not watch your children. You command them to stay safe. You don’t ask them! They’re not your patrons they’re your seed. You need to protect them. They run amok they can’t be saved from incidence like this if you’re not doing your job as a mother. It’s one thing if she was out playing and it happened. No. You were impeding others space and so carelessly while on your cellphone. Only Americans they say. Bull shit fuck you. French r some pussies Our city has dedicated bicycle paths, and I’m the bad guy for hitting bicyclists that insist on  ‘sharing the road’ that’s only 30’ away. Stupid parent.. What fucking cunts Solo yo creí que el titulo decia
""""Ciclista golpea a un pederasta""""?
😂😂😂💩💩 Highways: We could get hit by cars!

Railways: We could get hit by trains!

Bikeways: It’s free real estate! natural selection :) The child cannot be saved...so dramatic no just slow down the way you was travelling was way to fast plus it was a child she it she should be prosecuted like the prick in England you bikers think you have all the rights if so pay road tax like Sadly that little girl had to pay the price for her mother’s stupidity and giving zero fuqs :( Damn poor child, it's obvious the parents are at fault, they should have known better. Fucking idiots. Deserved to be ran over. Parents were fucking idiots. Jesus Christ, you fucking bi-cunts are too much. First you say, """"share the road"""", now you can't share a path with the people that paid taxes to build these paths so idiots like you don't hold up traffic. What do you think it is, a fucking racetrack? Do you get pissed when people roller blade, on the PUBLIC path too? """"There's a reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path"""".  There's also a reason why you shouldn't ride your bike on the street, does this give anyone the right to run your dumb ass over? You seem to think it does. Hypocritical piece of shit. Run me down and you lose teeth asshole. Bike lanes are not sidewalks morons! Damn French people are soft as fuck Yeah look at the mother blaming the biker huh, kids fault not the bikers. That's how drivers feel with bikers on the road and I have seen many cyclist on the sidewalks. Asshole bikers need to slow down and get their heads out of their entitled asses. I mean... hopefully those people won’t walk in the bike lane anymore. To be honest we have no idea what actually happened in this video and how deer the text in the video say for pedestrians not to wike there. Slow down to hit the brake not to hit the pedestrian,No Excuse...shame I will feel literally no empathy with cyclists until they get out of the fucking left hand turn lanes and stop pretending that they deserve the same rights as cars. Cyclists are a nuisance to both drivers and pedestrians alike with their self centered ‘the rules don’t apply to me’ ideology. Parents fault. Little kids don’t know any better, parents should have told them to get outta the lane Man. I feel bad for the bike. The Bike lanes need to be marked bike lanes the ENTIRE distance of the area why because people are stupid, dumb, morons, and idiots it seems the child's parent(s) are concerned that their child got hit yet they were in a bike lane allowing their kid to go in the bike lane so again people are stupid, dumb, morons, and idiots and the bike lane needs to be marked bike lane the ENTIRE length over and over again ALSO they need to have sign expect your child to get hit by a bike if in this bike lane and furthermore, expect the cyclist to sue if they hit your child - so many times the government comes up with a rule or law then they do not enforce it - so the police were there so there should have been an investigation and the parent in the event the child was in the bike lane should have been ticketed and taken to jail for endangering a minor guess what sport if this happened then people would not go in the bike lanes so much but wait this would be putting a woman in jail wait women's privilege  this would not work either only if her husband was walking with the child Not enough shit said about the woman on roller blades. The adult that was supervising the child is responsible for her injuries. Shit bag cyclists, you  need to flow the fuck down. If you hit my kid all your teeth would need to be picked up off the ground. Bad parenting. Why the hell would you allow yourself and your young children to walk in the middle of a cycle lane and then blame a cyclist for it? Poor girl, I hope she made/makes a full recovery. HAHA I feel bad for the girl and boy but the parents are complete idiots. Sorry I’m gonna be a bitch so FIGHT ME 😂😂😘 but I don’t feel bad for that girl, bitch don’t complain when you literally explode when you run across an airplane ally 😂😂 People in Europe love to stop and stare Man these croissants have no remorse. Im my country the old people feel like its theyr job to sit on the bike lanes and if you try to make them move from the bike lane they will curse at you and say that you have space to pass them and will still not move a inch what is the moral of the story?  mind your own business Good Lord!! Is the shoe okay? move on nosey body - its no business of yours, damn It really was the parents fault It’s the family’s fault for being In a bike lane Fucking idiots, pedestrians still have the right of way despite being in a car or bike lane. 

Entitled assholes wanna force their bulshit vigilante """"justice"""" by riding over people to have their biking """"space"""". 

I would support a law that allowed the victims or their families beat the living shit out of these losers. Thats wah she get I ride a bike and people that walk should always get priority. Get on the road if you want to do 20mph where people are walking. And kids have no clue what's around them. They think the world is safe. It's your job to slow down and pass safely.    Bike lane or not it still gives you no right to try and pass people at high enough speeds to break limbs.  I never get mad or road rage when people are in the bike lane i just slow down let them know I'm passsing.  Everyone is out to enjoy nature, be nice. Pedestrian gets hit by bike everybody feels bad but bike gets hit by car everybody thinks they deserve it I guess walking in the bicycle lane is like driving in the wrong lane. You can expect nothing good van come out of it I know this video isn't about first aid but let me point out how stupid the mother (I think its the mother) is being by picking up someone who just very possibly broke there legs Dude why are you getting involved?  
Look, see and then fuck off. 
It's got nothing to do with you. Maybe you shouldnt let your child walk in where people are biking 🙄 France is soft So if I hit a cyclist riding on the highway, it's their fault right? Please... Stupid parents! This is why the design in the Netherlands is good. Red-ish colour next to the carlane, is for bikes. Next to the bikelane you've got a place where pedestrians can walk. It's almost perfect. Everything is clear and even tourists understand it In Chicago's lakefront bike path is the same, but nobody cares. There have even been deaths. To many people not paying attention. If this happens, call the police. They legally cant do anything to you unless you did it deliberately Who else got triggered by the « how could you do such a thing?! » ? I felt she was shaming the woman for an accident, as if she did it on purpose. Also there is literally a sidewalk , pavement 
Right beside bicycle lane so why didn’t they use that!
A large group of people that gathered around sure seemed to We all know what probabably happened 
Cyclist went to avoid family and little girl probably jumped infront like kids do running infront of parents trying to get around 
Stepping out and not looking ahead 
(Not on purpose)
And then smack cyclist has no time to react and he’s blamed 
“How could you do so much a thing” Lmao hope the kid got rocked. Blames other for her shitty parenting and watching her child Is not bike line! Camon bro. U need pay attention with pedestrians. Its biker s fault What's the fucking point of the bike lane if we have to ride at a pace that we could have simply walked at 😒. What happened afterwards anyhow? Well that girl was asking for her leg to get broken her and her mom should be paying attention and be in the right lane so yes I feel bad for the girl bur technically she deserved it I blame the the person who made the cycle lane. It does not seem clear enough whether it's a shared space or for mixed usage.
Also- you don't see the accident so I don't understand how anyone can attribute blame here. I don't know how it is in your country , but here in Brazil most of the bike paths are not for bikes only, if ther is anything saying that people are not allowed there , you are right, else , i think they have right to walk ther... Lol stupid Quebec bitch So when car hits  biker on the road, it is not drivers fault but bikers. Nice to know idiot.😃 You do realise that there was no indication showing that it was a bike lane where they were standing, there was further up but not where the little girl was standing, so tbh I think it was the bikers fault for being so careless Serves them right really. Poor girl but stupid family it’s a cyclist way not pedestrian way Stay in ya lane There’s a sidewalk right there damn it. The bike lane are where people ride there bikes if u walk in the bike lane u might get hit. But yea hope she ok tho Why everyone gotta stop and stare though I remember when me and my brother were playing with our electric scooter and electric drifter thing he brought my little sister on it and her leg went under the wheel and broke and we felt so bad we cried and the whole neighborhood could hear but she was okay she’s broke a leg before! Почему это у меня в рекомендациях? Bicyclist are the cancer's of the road right below motorcycles. I run as many off the road as I can as part of my public service. Get a fucking car losers. There fault. I don’t feel sorry for that family at all🤧 This just made me wanna punch her to cry for a good reason. Why put yourself at risk of injury for walking on a bike path when there was a perfectly functional sidewalk no more than 3 feet beside you. If you ask me the parents should have known better. bikes are considered vehicles and as such must yield to pedestrians. """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Its not like you were in the bike lane or anything Being from Seattle and as much as I hate bicyclists, he does have a point. Rules are for a reason. Ohh yeah yeah😂😂💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀should of never been walking there missy and the parents😂💀WEEBS I hope the cyclist wasn't charged or fined. But I hope the pedestrians were Just makes me so mad at both the dumb people and the biker. Wasn’t the bikers fault but I feel bad for little girl bonjour bonjour?? shut the fuck up . and get off the road Stupid fucking kid
🤦🏼‍♀️ his is why I hate kids they do stupid ass shit and then wonder why there’s consequences for it. Dumb idiots I bet she they won’t block bike lane again Another case of bad parenting and then blaming everyone but themselves for the outcome. How could you do such a thing, ask that question while looking in a mirror. At least that'll teach those brats to pay attention to their surroundings. Poor kid It pa the parents fault That's real problem everywhere. Those pedestrians should stay on their lane. Hahahaha I hope you get hit by a bus.  A bike is not special.  Share the path you fucking asshole. The mother should have got HIT FOR PUTTING TUERE CHILD IN DANGER...  they should take her kids away...  Why would she put them in harms way..  There is clearly a side walk on the other side of the bush... That's what happens when you are a bad parent And she blames it on the cyclist Poor kids have to deal with parent's bad decision Seriously you start calling the police when they are right in front of your face🤔🤔🤨 I blame the parents... Poor kid, her parents are retarded there are signs that have been popping up that make bicyclists walk their bicycles in certain spots on the bikeways.  wouldn't it make more sense to remind peds not to walk on the bikeway or at least be mindful while they are on it? That’s why you should move out of the fucking way dumbasses. Like, if it’s a bike, why are you walkin???☠️ """"How could you do such a thing"""" how about you walk with your kids on the pedestrian crossing you stupid cow What probably happened is the girl ran out to the side, and the bike, taking 5-7 meters to stop safely, couldn't swerve or stop in time. Mainly parents fault for allowing them to walk there. This happens in the municipal park of my city all the time. The pedestrian line of the park is blue and the one for cyclists is red, but still the accidents keep on coming. It's JUST A FCKING BROKEN LEG DUDE, not gonna die with this, what kind of stupid parents they are btw.


BIKE LANE = BIKES Cyclist should be hanged They best not had file charges on the lady who accidentally hit the kid. They shouldn’t had been on the damn bike path. Should not walk on bicycle path!!!!!!!! Nagasaki neamatode fuckers It’s a bike😂 It works by feet no Motor there is just pedals and they was on the bike lane. All of the adults was acting like she got hit by a Lorry. I don’t feel bad bitch they be walking in the bike lane so BIATACSHHSSJAJ The only real excuse I could give the mother and kids is that it doesn't say bike lane or any obvious signs of there being a bike lane on that part of the path. Other than that, rip All bikes should have bells, and all kids will be clumsy and excitable Mind your own business... Fuck ur bike lane ill knock u out if u hit my kid You might as well walk with your children through a busy road, like seriously 😂 I blame the parents. Good Oh my god this is so sad,alexa play despacito Its the kids fault she walked on the bike lane The sad thing today is that it’s just a paint line on the pavement and by all mighty it’s a huge crime and you’ll get bashed for crossing the paint lol we act like robots. They act like she was hit by a car...smh😂🤦‍♂️ Bikes dont want to share the trail but cars have to share the road with them🤔🤔🤔 Little girl deserved that. Plus the mom is retarded There’s a sidewalk right there... is it that hard?? Next time walk your children in the Road... So women can't drive cars OR ride bikes? Damn Well you can’t blame it on the cyclist it is a bike lane Too bad it wasn’t the parents who were hit Never the cyclists fault in cases like these This is why all sidewalks and bike paths should be built together, this way you no one will invade the wrong space because both paths are there. Remember, this is all to avoid the street and the road. GET THE FUCK OFF THE BIKELANE. To be fair, it's more of the council's fault. Pedestrians will always do that when there is that type of pavement. And from the video, there is no distinct line throughout the entire pathway. 
It's best to make it the same level as the road, and have it next to the road but with a kerb separating it from the road. However, this is separated from the road, so they should keep up signs and make sure there is a distinct line. Also, use bells like kid bikes have cuz not everyone is going to realise the untold rule of common sense Is the shoe right? i felt sad for the cyclist Huffy U killed the little girl with your hudfy PEDESTRIANS ALWAYS HAVE THE RIGHT OF WAY!!!!!!!!! Hahahahahahah fuck you little girl thats karma now they have to pay the medical bills for being retarded🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 It's not that hard to watch where you're riding. Bike/pedestrian lane bullshit is stupid. It just gives people excuses to be dicks and run people over, they just say, """"should have stayed out of the bike lane."""" If you're riding too fast to avoid people, slow the fuck down or go ride in the street with the cars. Mountain bikes and hikers share trails all the time and this shit doesn't happen. These people on their stupid street bikes dressed up like they're in the tour de france are always the biggest self entitled assholes and have no regard for the rules more than anyone... Most people hate you, especially professional drivers. I have to deal with cyclists riding outside the bike lane, in vehicle lanes DAILY and if I ran them over I'd be in jail. The city I live in goes above and beyond for cyclists and they don't even use the lanes that are paved for them and they're EVERYWHERE. I guess thee blind cause it says right there big letters and all the cyclist lane like there dumb First of all it’s the people’s fault cause there on the bike lane and they got there kid hurt so they should read next time Stupid people these days don’t respect nothing and then get butthurt 🙄 I could say the same for bikes when on the street. Get out of the way. Idiot bikers. What if the cyclist hits another cyclist... mind blown IKR The little girl didn't know any better it's the parent's that should of been hit for being so ingnoret “How could you do such a thing?” It wasn’t like it was on purpose. If it was on purpose the cyclist would have made sure she herself didn’t get hurt, but she did. Watch your kids and stay in your own lane so things like this don’t happen Cyclists are the apex of entitlement and I don’t feel sorry for any of them Once again the cause of some stupid fucking parents I honestly dont give a fuck if they are clearly disobeying the signals for ONLY CYCLISTS. Lmao. Its the fucking family's fault. """"How could you do such a thing."""" its simple bitch, dont walk on the bike lane. REEEAHHHHHAHH Fuck that kid, is the bike ok? The bike is probably worth more than that undeveloped embryo Not actually it's not clear jackass Dumb French cunt I dont get why they pissed like lemme stand in the middle of a gang area and wear different opposing colors and expect not to get shot MAIS QUELLE SALOPE LA MEUF QUI SE PLAINT ELLE AVAIT QU'A RÉFLÉCHIR While I don’t like it when people get hurt I think that a few people should get hit doing things like this. People have no common curtesy these days because they have grown up believing that when they are a pedestrian they can just do whatever they want and the consequences of any accidents they cause will be on someone else. 

You still have to use your brain as a pedestrian people. They were a number of cyclists go way too fast, when you use a shared pathway you ride with care and be prepared for dog, children or anyone as at anytime they may cross your path. I rather those parents get hurt, making their kids walk on a bike land... idiots. Poor cyclists looks so scared and concerned I thought we were going to see the actual hit??! Boooooo Bike lane or not YOU are supposed to yield to pedestrians REGARDLESS. I am sorry maybe I am in a minority here but I don't care what lane that little girl was walking in. it is YOU cyclists who need to be more careful!! YOU have a responsibility to look out for people walking (especially little children!!!! ) YOU are riding a metal machine that if it hits people will hurt them!  It is the same for car drivers who have to look out for people crossing roads. And secondly if cyclists for once actually slowed down instead of riding everywhere at f***ing lightspeed then incidents like this would be reduced!! Fucking arrogant bikers. No one likes you. How about you slow the fuck down when you approach pedestrians? That’s an idea. I don’t know how it works in your country, but in mine if you are walking in the street and a car hits you and kills you, they are probably still going to go to jail for at least involuntary manslaughter. Pedestrians are always a priority even if they are being stupid. Everyone walks in the street in cities, you don’t hear anyone trying to justify running over pedestrians because they drive a car do you? Fucking arrogant twats you all are in this comment section. Totally condescending fuckwads. That is why no one likes you and we cheer when you get hit by cars. Before the rape of Europe,  looks nice, that bike lane is now a mosque Stupid bikers It's not clear at all that the lane is reserved for bikes only. It's only marked at intervals. Most of the way there is no marking what so ever. Very understandable that people would walk there thinking it's okay. Even with marking all the way, as there is no physical separation between them, you have to slow down in places like this as a cyclist. When you know it's full of people and there is no proper marking yet alone physical separation, then you are acting very irresponsible by riding quickly as if it's a road. In places like this it's basic intuition to slow down. I bet next time they will pick the sidewalk. Are we sure this isn’t a multi-use path? Attach machine guns to the front of bikes? They’ll soon move That poor little girl we get so much flack from riding bicycles on sidewalks but no one gives a woot about bike paths Jesus such a drama for a good damn broken leg... Looks like they just witness a shooting What were they expecting I'm just saying but she kinda sorta deserved it tbh bc it's a BIKE LANE not a WALK WAY I don't feel bad cause its clearly the little girls fault plus people don't get offended by this comment what that's no different than car streets you got to watch out for pedestrians, just because it's designated to bicycles you still got to go slower! 0:55  Her leg. I think the brother felt the same as me and wanted to hurl. I kind of feel bad for the girl and don’t feel bad for her because she’s little and she doesn’t deserve to get hurt but she was walking in the bike lane. It was most likely the parents fault because they probably led her to walk in the bike lane. The mothers such an idiot, how could you have done such a thing. Huh? why couldn’t you keep your rich ass and your kid in the right lane. Maybe then she wouldn’t have been hit. It’s not the cyclist fault for your kids stupidity. She could have looked and seen that there was a biker coming and gotten out of the way🤦🏻‍♀️kids are getting dumber these days Bikers need to SLOW THE FUK DOWN!!! Fucking bikers go on the car lane all the time and blow red lights and cut drivers all the time. A pedestrian has the right of way not a stupid fucking biker. One of the biggest cyclist struggles is people walking around in bicycle paths and paths commonly used by cyclicts without paying even minimal required gasp of attention or not grouping in an efficient order and line, adults are more responsible, but children need to be stricly controlled by their parents as they haven't developed sense of movement tactics yet Damnn, that brother was emotional over his sister breaking her leg... The fucking nerve to blame the cyclist for the accident. This is 100% the parents' fault. Those do not look like very good bike lanes to me """"How could you do suck a thing""""-walking on bike path... """"I'm going to walk in a bike lane and I TOTALLY won't get ran over"""" Même moi qui es française j’ai rien compris Straying into a cycle path is very easy if your out for a Sunday walk with the family, you don't expect someone with utter arrogance to fly at you and run you down just to make a point, doesn't look the case here but many cyclists get cycle rage similar to road rage and supermarket trolley rage I suppose, you're out relaxing and someone else is trying to break there best  record time by using a promenade where there's a bit of paint down the middle Funny..that's exactly how 4 wheelers feel about 2 wheelers! and there's a reason cyclists should keep to their path and not on roads. .

roads are for cars... not bikes 2013 a lot of white people. 2018 a lot of Muslims. There's literally a sidewalk next to the bike lane. That is the simple truth!!
If drivers ain't allowed to drive on the pave walk, pave walkers shouldn't walk on the road! Lol Bikers are bullies Don't walk on the bike lane goddammit. She broke her leg when I broke my leg my siblings thought I faked it I think the brother overreacted Sorry saw one at beginning of path. I did not see any bike lane markings nothing it looked like a pavement. People these days with 0% logic Don’t yell at the cyclist it’s your fault idiot! lol dumb bitch It doesnt even look broken. kids at this age have """"softer"""" Bones so they can do some positions that seem unnatural to older peeps GET REKT KID It was found out later that the bike was ok, you guys can all rest easy now. Irresponsible mother...plain and simple. Heh, made me laugh Eh. Peds in cycle lanes. Just as annoying as cyclists on the road. Looks just like what happens when cyclists ride in the streets.... you get hit when you don’t pay attention You don't see that many people walking down the lane of a dual carriageway do you? Why is this bike lane any different? Because its not clearly marked. The area where the girl is hit has no markings whatsoever. If it wasn't for the first half of the video I would have presumed this was a pedestrian footpath. Fuck this little child Very good for the girl lol she deserves it because of her stupidity ^^ im a cyclist myself and I see so many people walking on bike lanes and i always get mad because seriously they are so fucking dumb lol glad the girl got karma ^^ French ppl are so dramatic... the brother was crying because his sister was hurt!?! Grow a set of balls Cycles and pedestrians don't mix... keep them well apart.... The moral of the story is stay the fuck away from the bike lane and you won't get hurt. Clearly roads are reserved for motor vehicles only but that doesn't stop you lot. There’a so much that’a irritating about this video

1. People walking on the cycle side
2. Cyclists they had it coming, parents should have known where to walk it was her brothers fault! as he pushed her sister frogs 0:55 you can see her leg bend a little bit from the broken shin And that's what you get for walking on a bike lane. Would you walk in the middle of a car lane? Idiots F*ck it I feel like running in traffic today and when someone hits me with their car I’m gonna blame them. Get out of the way world its Me Me Me and I walk wherever I like and y’all have to stop for me! Sorry to the girl but to the parents umm wtf """"how could you have done such a thing"""" well if your stupid ass actually decided to follow the damn rules your daughter wouldn't be in this position therefore all of this is your damn fault. Just because the biker hit her is like bigger and whatever the hell DOESN'T mean that it was his fault he was following the rules. People are still stupid """"Comment avez-vous pu faire ça?!""""

Décâlisse de la piste cyclable, épaisse. As of right now 2.3k people have disliked this video probably because they do the same exact thing Tbh, if my sister broke her leg, of course, I would be worried but I wouldn't start screaming like that boy did. Rude ppl I wish all children were hit with bikes. Kill 2 birds with one stone. The kid was being a little pussy. I'm walking on the bike paths more often and see so many children walking on the road more Typical the shit parents always blame others! You child could've died! This is NOT a bike-only lane. Do you see bike signs at 0:18 , 0:27 , 0:33 etc.? No! No signs! The lanes are for everyone. montreal :) Am I evil that I don’t feel sorry for the girl...?😐 There is a sidewalk just on the other side of the hedges. Why can't they just walk there instead? Those parents should be at fault, for walking on the BIKE LANE with they’re daughter. Idiots. Kids suck anyways. Natural selection bitches!!!! 😈😈😈 Honestly I would have let the family fuck off, and have stayed with the cyclist (who was obviously in shock) and told her it wasn't her fault, they shouldn't have been walking there. This was always just a walking path before they forced a bike lane on to it. Who's fault 
Who cyclist Should of hit her just a bit harder. Maybe it would of shut her up. One time I accidentally walked through a bike lane while a cyclist was coming and I still feel bad about it.... how could u do it on purpose Stupid fucking kid doesn’t know how important my bicycle is. Pfffft, degenerates Bikes and pedestrians don't mix very well when on the same path.  It's either bicycles or pedestrians, not both at the same time. Los franceses son unos estúpidos jajaja Seems like the biker was opologetic. I would be saying to the parent, well I hope you've learnt your lesson to keep your kids out of danger! ( I don't care about these idiots ( I mean pedestrians ) ) HOW ABOUT THE BIKE? IS IT OK? I feel so bad for the cyclist Dont walk on bike path fucking idiots That family is stupid they shouldn't even walk on the bike line stupid people 🤦🏽‍♀️ Stupid mom.... Stupid children... Hais this is one of the reasons why i dont learn to ride a bike, cause i have a constant fear of hitting someone. The parents MUST have a look of the kids ! It's like saying """"I know! I''ll walk in the road then bitch that I get hit by a car!"""" J'ai pas compris Stupid ppl The moral is TOO MANY IDIOTS ON THIS WORLD and that's why the little girl who got hit by the byecicle would get a ticket in the netherlands i would usually disslike this cind of vids but i learned a lesson so its like I have hit a guy with my scooter, he had a broken skull and a broken arm, he was walking on the bikelane every single day, so we had to go around his old ass but we couldnt because we were approaching him but 2 other people on a bike coming from the left and the guy is supposed to be on the left but walked on the right, and we tried to pass him but saw the bikers to late and couldnt brake, so we hit the guy walking 🤷‍♂️ Thats what happens, can't understand the dislikes. When the mother said how could you do something like this, I would just ride away and say:, that's what happens when you go where you not supposed to go Bikers ate the new smokers.  Entitled and dangerous. Idiot parents They have absolutely NO right to blame the bicyclist. That’s like standing in front of a running car and saying it’s their fault they hit you. Stupid and / or stubborn people get nowhere and this is proof of it. This is what I call """"KARMA"""" why did the woman say 'how could you do such a thing?' is she stupid or is she stupid? stupid people need to be eradicated. you can't do something wrong and try to get mad when you have to face the consequences People don't care about bike lanes till u run them over. It was a lil girl that’s sad hope they sue the cyclist Всё как всегда The French be like: """"Baguette! Baguette! Baguette! Baguette?? Baguette!"""" Its the bitches fault.. she walked on the bike lane with her family """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Ummmm how could you not control your fucking kid and be aware of your surroundings so this wouldn't have happened? I actually don’t even fell sorry because they are not supposed to be on the bike lane and the woman was hurt too and didn’t seem like anyone cared Geez lady I doubt it was on purpose. Fucken idiot's never learn👎😒 bruh these tourists need to realize when you in the city you walk on the right hand side like a road so this shit don't happen Exactly ...pffft how could you do such a thing....stay off bike paths Oh yea I do that sometimes but I watch for bikes I moved so I don't live there anymore People like the pedestrians are the reason we have a warning sign """"may contain nuts"""" on a bag with nuts.. She broke her own foot walking in bike lane """"How could you do such a thing"""" Says the lady walking in the cyclist lane. Cyclist are always douches so I never feel bad for them. Not the cyclist fault. The family's wtf? its just a broke leg calm down....
pussys! c des caves qui marche sur la pistw cyclable Is the bike ok? I might get a lot of hate but that's kind of her fault because she was in the bike lane it is also her parents fault too How The mother is the bitch
Not the biker
Why the heck should she leave the girl walking on the bike lane! It's the same as walking in the road, you're gonna get hit. Wait this happened in Montreal, Canada?? Those folks didn't have French Canadian accents though. They must be immigrants from France then. why isn't there sufficient pedestrian path?? bicyclists are the most annoying people When the brother started crying I got mad, I honestly hate my siblings and I don't see how anyone could love them I think its both the parents and the cyclists fault
One the parents should have been on their  lane and they should have been more careful with their children becsuse im sure they were aware that bicycles passed their and the cyclist too she shouldnt have been going fast and should have had way more carefuly as they shared sidewalk with pedestrians Both were wrong It' all right. Couple of slaps and she will be fine. im sick of people letting there dog walk on bike lanes This annoyed me so much and don't hate on me or anything but that's a bike lane and the lady who accidently hit that little girl has the right to say something back and the family looked like they were exaggerating to make it look like they were the victims the lady was hurt to she didn't yell at them she said sorry but the family no they made it worse """"How could you do such thing!""""

Well, to be honest you could look after your children for once. It clearly states with signs and drawings that the lane is meant for bicycles. Unlucky You're supposed to share the path asshole. The painted lines are for reference only. This happens everywhere around the world... Anywhere there is a bike path... There are retarded humans that walk on it. Venice Beach California is the worst. Where I'm from, all the cyclists try and hit pedestrians, don't follow rules, and ride where bikes aren't allowed. this was me the whole time SHE HAD IT COMING SHE HAD IT COMING OOOOOOH SHE HAD IT COMING OOOOOOOH SHE JUST GOT IT OOOH SHE HAD THAT COMING It's not the bikers fault it's the parents fault they were the ones to let there kids walk there Own fucking fault. Don’t walk there when you have a place specifically made for pedestrians This girl will grow up thinking how bad the person who hurt her must’ve been... But she should think about the stupidness of her parents instead! Slow down, it's simple. Just because it's a bike path doesn't mean you have to reach top speed. There's no barrier so you should slow down. Open your eyes; it's no longer clearly marked as a cycle path, so if it's no longer clearly marked it's an open path. If that's the case then both parties need to become more considerate; pedestrians need to be more mindful that cyclists will be about, and cyclists to slow down as there are pedestrians about. And cyclists need to be careful even if there is a cycle path as anything g could happen on a path even if it is clearly marked. The only victim here is the child. Why did mother and father of these kids decided to walk on the bicycle lane? 
-Because they are a little bit stupid and have to learn it the hard way. Unfortunately, the daughter and not them broke her leg... DONT FUCKING WALK ON BIKE PATHS. simple The shoe in the middle of the road is giving me anxiety. That brother must really love his sister to full out cry for her and cover his face. I like who the only person that helps get the bike just roller blades away I walk in the street. Parents are horrible to be honest. Little girl didn't know, its all the parents falt. Could've been avoided but nooooooo... That's why the Dutch mark their bike paths red The parents should be in trouble for putting their children in danger. 
I hope the cyclist didn’t have pay anything as I don’t think it was her fault Here in the Netherlands we know better lol. NO pedestrian ever goes on the bike road when there are bikes around Aww poor children :( what a horrible situation. The woman is at fault even if they walked in the wrong lane, children are unpredictable in traffic so she shouldn't have cycled so fast past children ( I'm assuming the child stepped infront of the bike without paying attention of what was behind her. Obv I don't know for real) whatever happened, I'm sure they all learnt their lesson from this unfortunate accident. 우리나라도 그러는데 십알놈들이 자전거 도로에서 산책하고   조깅도 해요.자전거 타는 사람도  저런 곳에서 방어 운전해야지. 그냥   달리니깐 사람을 치지. 벨도 마구 울리고  사람들에게 비키라고 말도 해야함 Why would they say “ how could you do such a thing “ lmfao like it was a accident dumbass Si es un carril bici, la culpa es de los peatones, si o si. I want to be on your side but cyclists have become akin to vegans. Idiotic people should always learn the hard way It's not the women's fault on the bike it's the parents they are stupid enough be walking in a bike lane they clearly were not to worried about their child's safety and they can't be ignorant either and act like they didn't know when there is signs all over the place saying both in french and English """"ARRET"""" right at 0:05. Almost happened to me, except it was a wide road, and we were very distant from the crosswalk. A fucking kid left the curb where his father was and suddenly started running across the street, he's lucky I was riding a bike so I could dodge him, and it wasn't a car, or he'd be dead. Dogs tend to do the same, they wait until you're close and then jump under the wheel. Who rides into pedestrians? How stupid can they be? I dont get it I seen bike going both lane god I hate people on bike plus if it was the bike lane where  was it marked I only see some parts but that's it I delt  with people on bike just rude So many projections in this comment section...lol Fkg hero cyclists. If it was a bike or car the prat rider /driver who be hit with 1 or 2 tickets and a claim under his personal injury insurance. King shit entitled, lefty, green, cyclists get away with murder everyfkgday. No doubt this donkeys 'go pro' didn't work for the few seconds it took to mash up this pedestrian huh?       Moral of this clip 'Close the bike lane, and stick them back on the road' until they learn to obey the law and pay for their precious bikelane. Stupid kid She deserve that, such an idiot for walking in the bike lane You’ve got tiny wheels lol Crying like a little french boy. Oh wait. It was their fault for being in the bike lane. They took the risk of injury when they stepped foot there. They cannot blame the woman for that injury because THEY took the risk and they sadly paid for it. It’s awful that the girl was hit but her mother should have realized and taken caution and walked on the sidewalk that was 2! Inches away from them. it’s like having your child walk on the road then getting mad when they get hit by a  car On my last trip to Japan they dont have  bike lanes i was a bit worried but they ride like crazy they know how to dodge you somehow i heard bikes are registerd there just like cars Good bye have a wonderful tyme Your one nosey fucker bet your the sort that drives past a little accident at 2 miles an hour and hold the whole motor way up Ok so all you pussy bike pricks want your own lanes all to yourselves + you want to ride on public highways/road and in some cases footpaths but all on your terms!!???
You want it all your way but won't compromise for anyone else, even bloody children you selfish turds, your personal fitness /chosen activity must overcome all, cycling is one of the sadist and most selfish things I've had to witness in my time living on both sides of the globe.
And to think I was a talented BMX racer in my youth and an early adopter of mountain biking but you modern cyclists embarass me to the point I don't mention it now..... Montreal? YOUR IN THE BIKE LANE CAN U PLS MOVE lol LOL actually laughed my ass off, what a screech. Good job mom teach em young Clearly the parent‘s fault. What a crap channel and video. Perfect catalyst for cynical, hateful comments to brew. And so many lowlives here as well with nothing better to do. Cancer. Basically, nasty cyclist runs down a kid because he's frustrated. Moral of story is to cycle carefully in an area clearly shared by pedestrians. We have to watch out for you idiots wibbly wobbly around on the road, if you're on the pavement so some sense FFS. Would just like to state some of my thoughts here. Firstly, you can see one marking of bicyclelane/pedestrianlane in about at least 200 meters. If someone would have crossed the road, how would they know its a bikelane?

Secondly, if you're driving a car and smash into the back of another car, its your fault (unless he was swerving / breakchecking /etc.) and same goes for cyclists.

When you see its packed with people and bikes in the lane you should ride after the conditions. As example, dont do a speedy overtake.

As a kid i used to bike to school and we had pedestrianwalks half the size of your road. We never had any problem getting to school fast, and without crashing into people.

Signal to people with your ringer (or what its called in english, you know, the bike horn thingy) that you're coming from behind so that they know, and just ride responsibly.

My experience with bikers is bad. In high school i had to take a bus, at one point there was a place where u had to cross the bikelane to get to the pedestrianlane. At this crossing the bikers are supposed, by law, to stop for pedestrians, something of which many didnt do, and its insane to me how so few people got run over by bad cyclists.

Remember, that you have a brake and that you can use it... If she didn't want her kids hit hoe about they get of the bike lane like a moron. Classic old port... swarming with tourists with their heads up theirs asses. But in a place that you know there are a lot of people, u have to slow down It's their fault because they are walking on the bicycle lane SERIOUSLY WHY DO PEOPLE DONT FOLLOW A SIMPLE FUGGING RULE?!!! Evan if you go on the road they say your taking up room one went to same place as me and said I was doing that I said I was in my lain out of the way he just argued so I said I shall do I I please he didn't like that then walked of lol Bike lane! Gtfo bitch . Is this how it goes in rich countries? We don't even have sidewalks. look, i know they weren't supposed to be walking on the bike lane, but some people here were laughing at the girl who was on the ground. dude, her leg broke and she's just a kid, it's normal to cry. just watch the damn video. If you walk on a road and a car hits you, you shouldn't be saying """"how could you do that"""" get off the road lady and you'll be safe My question is how did the girl get hit, I imagine irresponsible parents played a huge role in the while incident. The only two scenarios I see are that of the parents not keeping thier child within arms reach of them and she ran put in front of the bike unwittingly like any kid her age would do. The other scenario I see is that of the cyclist simply not paying attention at all and ran into her on accident. To me though the fact that she broke her leg suggests that more than likely the child ran in front of the bike and caused the collision. Again wasn't there to see it but that's my opinion on what happened. At the end of the day though those are some l
 seriously terrible parents, I mean there was a footpath it looked like right next to the bike path, and even then it was a freaking bike path and not a foot path. Thier error in judgement led to thier child being seriously hurt because they can't obey simple rules and stay off the damn bike path thats specifically made for bikes. Irresponsible parents got to pay the price in a very sad way but that's what they get for disobeying simple rules. Why are cyclists such selfish, entitled assholes? Thad why there’s bike lanes or use a bell to worn people You know, I never really noticed that I do walk in bike lanes sometimes. That's what the girl deserves As a cyclist who rides FULL SPEED ive hit people and have gotten back up and left while they stay on the floor hurt. I have no remorse for idiots stupid kid Its a common thing for people to walk on bicycle lanes because """"pedestrians have the right away"""" but like, seriously? It wouldnt hurt to WALK ON A SIDEWALK. Its called a SIDEWALK for a reason. And a Bicycle lane is called a BICYCLE LANE for a reason. Cmon, people. Use your brains Good breaks her leg mother or whoever she is instantly picks her and spins her around a bit... some people are really terrible arent they I mean not saying that the little girl deserved it but it is karma like if you dont want to get hit or have had that happen well then get out it is clearly stated there bike lane like duhh They kinda deserve it for being such a jerk... Not breaking leg but getting hit. Not bikers faullt Now cyclists know how drivers feel when they are all over the place. They’re fault. ITS A BIKE LANE, DONT CROWD THE MIDDLE OF IT. Very intelligent video. Ok so does that mean bicyclists can’t drive in the car lane in the middle of the  road? Just ride ur bikes in a park idiots and avoid bothering people """"How could you do such a thing?""""
Why the fuck did you walk on the cyclist lane? Why were there 6 bikes that you passed on the pedestrian only side? Not only that as a bicyclist you can see people coming up and you then have that choice to either stop, go around, or ring your god dam bell!
But no, bicyclist expect pedestrians to know they are coming even though you passed 6 bicyclist in the pedestrian only lane! Tbf bike lanes aren’t big enough for bikes leaving no room for pedestrians. + it’s a kid. Accidents are gonna happen. I hope that cyclist got justice Waw people how can you be so awful the child was seriously injured waw the comments section is very disappointing. Bet she won’t walk in the bike lane again Is the bike ok? I hope it recovers. Press f to pay respects to the bike. I can’t believe I’m going to side with a cyclist; the family were in the wrong and no doubt about it. Normally, however, where I live I see cyclists on the footpath all the time - I would happily strangle every last one of them To be fair though it’s not marked all the way down that it’s a bike lane. Maybe people wouldn’t walk if it’s all the way down the walkway. Feel bad for the girl though hope she’s ok Bike lanes where I’m from are clearly indicated THE ENTIRE LENGTH OF THE ROAD OR PATH.

Yes there was a bike lane, but then it disappeared and it was just a normal blank path.

People wouldn’t know any better, and how can they when it’s clearly not marked where the girl was struck.

I’m not saying it’s the cyclist’s fault, I’m saying the city needs to paint the bike lane for the entire length. The cyclist needs to slow down to gd your not in a race track dumb ass pedestrians fuck people Good, I’m glad they learned their lesson. Bunch of stupid idiots. Use your freakin eyes, God gave you them for a reason. Good Job for the filmed, now people will learn to be smart and LOOK UP RATHER THAN GO ON YOUR PHONE OR USE MOTHERFREAKING LOGIC!!!!      thx I was in Osaka the other week. And alot of people commute to biking. They bike hrough crowds of people on sidewalks and markets its like they could understand each other bikers and pedestrians. Category:Gaming Poor girl, the parents are fuck skulls. Deserves worse it’s not a walking path jeez imagine cycling in a walking path? They’d kick you out they deserved it. Why are the French such dicks lmaoo That woman and her offspring should die we don't need idiots like these in the world. Their fault, but damn there isn’t really that much marking. Where you were, it looks like one big sidewalk! Just ticket the folks on the bike lane. Something inconvenient but not so much they don't pay. Like... $15 or something I’m all for these paths. Keeps the biker retards off the roads. Use the sidewalk people. Let em have their space. Bikes are vehicles. Get over it. Watch where the fuck you are riding. You don't own roads or sidewalks. Bike Lanes are not exclusive property.
I ride bike I NEVER assume pedestrians and cars see me. I am in control of handles and brakes. I have never ever hit even another bike.

You twit. If you bike into a little girl you are a fucking asshole end of story. If someone breaks my girls leg I will break their fucking face and wreck them on the pavement.

Bicyclists act like comeuppity dipshit and post bullshit vids like this. Not even thankful there is a lane. Watch where the fuck you drive. Period. People think it's funny asking if the bike is alright. I really hope the little girl is fine, I really empathized with her poor brother. I dont even cycle and I find this so annoying. And even after this happens, people walk on the bike lane like nothing just happened Stupid lady Maybe she didnt know its bike path so she just walk through it Fucking french pussys. They get what they deserve Dumb people who dony know how to obey simple rules!!! They deserved it!! Natural selection just doesn’t work anymore does it? It’s quite clearly a path for shared use and the cyclist I would have beaten up badly. Pedestrians on shared paths ALWAYS have right of way But i mean that biker must have not been paying attention... unless the girl jumped out in front of her It’s not even a bike lane anymore. It’s two sidewalks spaced out by bushes with bikes in one lane and cars driving beside the other lane. I mean, slow down. Going too fast for no reason. Not only in france. Even on other countries I love how the cops were chillin before this happened .. They should have been shooed away like rodents The moral is don't be stupid Idiots If that kid really broke her leg then how was she standing up. But how many bikes did we just see in that video in the pedestrian lane? Gotta work both ways before you start all that """"holier than thou"""" shit They say that the cyclist need to pay attention, huh that is such a shit they need to pay attention to they'r children an them self and then they want us To be punished ,they need to be punished. And then they tell us how we did this ,that is not the fault of the cyclist such a shit . Excuse me for the ** but wee need to say this I get the cycle lane is on the right as we look at the screen but there are bikes on the left as well even when no peds are about, is it all a cycle lane? Any cyclist made my kid cry like that, I’d gouge their eyes out! End of! To be honest even tho it’s a cycle lane the women on the bike should of slow down when she notice the kids until she passed as kids are so unpredictable THAT'S WHAT YOU FUCKING GET YOU STUPID BITCHHHHHEESSS!

I have to admit I feel really bad for that poor little girl who broke her leg, it's her parents fault because they were walking on the bike lane.. “Why would you do such a thing”😂 well maybe if you were more responsible parents you wouldn’t allow you and your kids to walk in the cycle lane🙄 These are the same people who would complain of a bike rider on the road It was The people fault they Walker in The wrong path so not The bysiclas fault She just broke her leg and her mother swing her like little toy ... OMG it had to hurt so muchh When i was really young i was hit by bike and from this time i pay attention to all cyclist and drivers. I often watch around me before i make any different move. Why would u call the police Gam I gghhhh:’,l ouch or the moral might be dont be a douch and watch out for children Sure I feel bad for the little girl, but my god! Can someone follow the damn rules Lul Ok we won't walk on bike paths if you follow the rules of the road. but we both know that wont happen Moral of the story. If you get hit by a car on the street then everyone hopes you die Stupid pedestrians I mean can you really blame them? It looks like a nice big sidewalk that makes it easier to walk in groups next to each other. That doesn't make it any less wrong though. That section is NOT necessarily a bike lane. Unfortunately the separate lanes are not indicated there AND the cyclist hit an object.....a person...going too fast maybe? Hopefully there was a sign saying CYCLIST ONLY. You now know how drivers feel when they see cyclists on the road... Cyclist have the right to the bike lane, however they can’t intentionally hit people walking in. I don’t think the women on the bike could see them coming though, what most likely happened is no charge on the bike women and maybe a charge on the walkers. Oh i hear french yes they should walk there but it is also just a little girl and the biker needs to watch out she honestly deserves it, learn your lesson This happens every hour where I am When someone get some bone broken
You do not move the person
Especially like that.... Ppl can be plain dumb, I mean it's VERY VERY VERY CLEAR that that is a bike path,so of course some ppl are gonna get hit,and why isn't she holding her daughters hand while walking! THAT IS DANGEROUS AGAIN,OF COURSE SHE IS GONNA GET HURT. Also when she said """"How could you do such a thing!"""" LIKE PPPFFFFT! ITS HARD TO STOP A BIKE, ITS EVEN HARDER TO STOP AND RIDE IF UR CHILDREN/CHILD OR YOU/UR FAMILY IS IN.THE.WAY Stupids parents
Poor little girl??...POOR LADY  SHE WAS HURT TO Natural selection Just hit more people so they could get the message lol This is pretty ironic for a cyclist. Roads are for cars, keep on your fucking cycle paths ;D That means only one thing..ban bicycles lol And thus, 2 feminists are borned Why would you try to call the police and not an ambulance? I know pedestrians say """"if we just stay out of the way then we'll be okay"""" but these dumbasses make no effort to move out of the bicyclists way even when they see a bicyclist from Far away. The people in the bike lane r probably taking a short cut to their special ed classes This is just as bad as entitled cyclists who do not announce their presence in shared trails! Bogdanoff’s fault The mum was angry at the cyclist but it's her fault for walking in bike lane the cyclist didn't do anything the mum of the girl should got hit For fuck sake keep your child with you wankers You could slow down for a start ! The path wasn’t clearly divided where they were . If you cyclists weren’t such wankers you wouldn’t need gay cycle lanes , grow the fuck up  . Hit one of my kids and I will fuck you right up ! When the fat kid started to cry i lost my shit HAHAHA fuck pedestrians They shouldn’t have been walking on the bike lane in the first place facepalm That's why we have both a pedestrian path AND a cyclist path. Cyclists are just like car drivers watch out for the people .all thoe a smart man with a camera and no pity for a little girl dosent help .the markings for the lane do not run all the way through it.i hope his child gets run over by the rolerblades .he said nothing to him or her 😎😪 The little girl probably darted in front of the bike giving that lady no time to stop. I doubt she intentionally hit her, but I love how the one lady says “how could you do such a thing” 🙄 If I'm honest though, it isn't clear all the way down the path that it's a cycle lane. Only at the end. Moral of story.stay out of the way,especially something that is bigger and moving faster than you.way to look out for your kids stupid ass parents Idiots, why walk in the cycle lane? The moral of the movie is; get the fuck off the bike driveway. It's no joke as we can see. Hope bike lady will not have problems and hope stupid mother will get penalty for each child she decided to walk with on that lane. Same problem is in Poland. I can see that you approach this problem with ease, considering the tone of your voice. For me it makes me angry and I often hit the brakes just in front of stupid pedestrian who wonders like zombie on my way. No mercy for them. If people are stupid they will pay for it. 0:55 足ゆらゆらしてる...骨折したことないけどめっちゃ痛そう。 You should write that the same when you cyclists on the road with cars. No u can imagine how difficult it’s for drivers, and you put yourself and drivers for danger  as well. But there is just argue and argues .... Stupid people being stupid whether right or wrong for pedestrians to walk in bike paths, its irresponsible for bikers to feel bike trails are an autobahn either.  bikers need to be aware of obstacles no matter where they ride.  blame goes both ways and a lttle girl paid for it.  next time, could be a life.  better to ride slower. Well sucks to suck shouldn’t have been in the bike lane gird deserved it for being in lane harsh but true Karma Honestly I don’t even care that she got hit by the cyclist. Her cry sounded annoying, she’s stupid can she see the bike coming her way 🤦🏽‍♀️ Why are people so stupid? Tbh the mom was carrying her daughter as if she got hit by a plane I will never feel sorry for people who walk in bike lanes/paths and get hit. AND THAT IS WHY U DONT WALK IN THE Bicycle LANE Where are the pedestrians supposed to walk. I hate when bikers get all pissy about bike lanes yet the cut around cars on the highway and run red lights and stop sign. I love when they get hit. I feel sorry for that kid but they asked for it. The worst part is, the bicyclist can be sued by the family Of course a kid got hit. Worthless parents can never keep an eye on their children. Way back when I was 15 I almost clotheslined a kid about 3 or so and flew off my bike.  Watch your kids or don't have kids. Yo, why is the brother crying tho? Was he the one that hit her or something? My youngest sister got her leg broken when I was like 10 (she was 6) and my me and my other sister (who was 8) were kind of like “uuuuhh?? Oh shit.” 
He’s crying like she fucking died. sUm pEOplE ARe retarDED Usually I would feel bad about the girl or kid I guess but lmao it's a bike lane and people need to understand their place. Nothing worse then when someone is doing something they shouldn't be doing and get upset when something happens to them. She’s not dead and it’s a path for the people not just some entitled hoe on vacation. Maybe be a better Parent and look better care of your 4 fucking kids. Stupidest shit I ever see is from woman beings ALL SIGNS POINT TO BIKE LANE THERES A SIDEWALK NEXT IT,USE IT!!!🙄 That my fellow people is a bad parent who does not care about their childs safety and asumes that if everyone else is breaking the rules/law its okey. Use your mind and dont take risks when you have kids whit you How about you just cycle around...? That cunt deserved it MIGHT ASWELL WALK ON THE HIGHWAY WHILE UR AT IT.
Like wheres parenting 101 when u need it
First of all - There’s a good sidewalk to walk on
Second of all - Watch ur kid like damn Who cares, keep an eye on your kids. Okay that little girl is a little to over reactive over the broken leg thing I have broke my bones so many times and it feels nothing on how she is acting ,she needs to cool down 😐 What parent in the right mind sees a lane called CYCLE LANE and thinks """"hmm I'm gonna let my child, who is probably gonna walk right in front of a bike if she sees one, walk on a bike lane, even though there is a nice big pedestrian path 3 feet away""""? Like seriously come on! Maybe they'll learn to keep their kids on the other side next time. Idiotic mother. Dont play in the streets because of cars. But play in the bike lane because reasons. *french fighting* Why don’t people understand bike lanes? thot destroyer Thats what happens when ur on a  bicycle lane Lol they say stay in your lane boy, lane boy So It's almost as annoying as bikes on the road. It sucks for the little girl. If not for her negligent parents, she probably would have gotten a broken leg. It’s really not that hard to walk in your lane. The parents shouldn’t blame anyone but themselves. They basically asked for it. Who the fuck walks in a bike path like that I'm a volunteer firefighter the first mistake they made was moving the victim, they needed to make her lay down, be still, and keep her calm lmao why do most parents NEVER blame their own kids?? mine always asumed it was my fault I think they need better laws stupid little girl Hope they learnt their lesson instead of blaming the cyclist How about being a man and buying car Should've just picked up the bike and thrown it at the child smh I hope the bike is fine Bike riders think they have all the right lmfao They should continue the bike lane paint so people could see The cyclist probably gone too fast Die’ent I wish you told them it was their fault The moral of the story is if you see a bunch of ppl on the pike Lane it's 10 points for each one hit and 15 points if it's a child Are they stupid man? When i see a person close to the bike lane on maisonneuve  i get pissed off! but this is something else! Good, Quebecois fucks I got hit by a bike at full speed when I was three. Thing flipped me over on to the concrete. I just got up cryed for a few minutes and continued what I was doing It’s their fault, not the bikers fault haha sounds like a personal problem to that family, mom should’ve kept her kids away from that side if that’s for bicyclists only, heal soon girl little bitch shouldn’t have been walking in the bike lane smh Moral of the story , slow down fuckhead 
It's a shared path Yeah, we all make mistakes, but don't take your child onto bike path if you don't want them hit by a bike, just like you don't take them onto the road because you don't want them splattered onto the street by a car. Sure. Lets just drive on the sidewalk then Bloody French.🙄 obey the signs people, they’re not just there for shits and giggles... It’s not as if the cyclist was going out purposely trying to hit that little girl. Also that mother reminds me of them mums that are really posh and think everybody else is to blame and they’re so perfect and that they can never do anything wrong. Hopefully the police had a word with her about how to be a better parent and actually know how to control a child! Honestly it’s that mother that deserves all that pain that poor girl felt, she should have also felt the pain the cyclist felt, that mother didn’t even ask if the cyclist was ok! If that was me I would make sure everyone involved would have been alright! This is why I don't do cities. Y'all are nuts. Moral of the story is close that shit down. Biking through crowds and walking through moving bikes. Nobody gives a shit and this will just keep happening. Honestly, how can either of you decide this is a good idea? Pedestrian AND biker? Play stupid games win stupid prizes! What a pussy crying because someone broke their leg You supose to drive with safe speed you idiot! This is the equivalent of people walking in the middle of a car lane and getting hit by a car saying, OH THE HORROR HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING???

Like, lolwat? STFU! Okay yeah these pedestrians are wrong to be in the bike lane but jfc you don't just RUN THEM OVER BECAUSE THEY'RE IN YOUR WAY. Especially if it's a CHILD!!! You're lucky the parents didn't fuck you up. I would have. My mum does a lot of cycling and some idiot actually set up a trap on the bike lane and it sadly caught my Mum.







Atleast she got a lot of money from the dude How could she do such a thing? Yes she definitely hit a child on a bike on purpose.. Omg that poor girl was probably only 4 or 5 Thanks for showing this. It truly is an issue. No one wins. We all try to look out for each other. This was just a bad situation all the way around. That poor kiddo and the cyclist had to suffer. Well it’s not the bike persons fault if kid got in da way People walking on cycling lanes are like cyclists on roads. Get the fuck of the road is the bike okay? Is the bike ok ? Cyclists are assholes in every country. .just because the kid strayed into the bike lane don't mean your legally allowed to hit her!  Next time a cyclist rides in front of my lorry I.ll willingly crush him legally..then spit in the dirty cockroach. """"how could you do such a thing? We're just minding our business walking in areas we're not supposed to"""" Little sister broke her leg because she and her family were bloody idiots who decided to stroll on a bicycle reserved lane that poor bitch deserved everything she got.  Cry all you f*cking want but boo hoo you no fault on the cyclist. As a cyclist, I fucking hate these ignorant people they made a path for walking and cycling yet they still walk on the cycling path. Honestly people should get fined for walking on the cycling path man fuck them I neither know nor really care about Montreal's bike paths. But your butchery of English was enough for me to play devil's advocate. 

You say the path is clearly for cyclists only. Where am I supposed to be looking for the 'clearly'? Other bikes?

You know, there are some places in the world where the city's resources don't stretch to installing comprehensive bike path signage. Montreal is not one of those places. 

I'd expect the city fathers to be mindful of the dangers inherent in building a bike path exclusively for cyclists and then neglecting to warn pedestrians. If those signs exist, fine. If they don't exist, I'd like to know why you think the rules are 'clear'. thank god I have a motorbike Average European iq amirite? That's kind of a shittily designed bike path in the first place. Needs to be much wider. She deserved it You know sometimes ppl say it’s the drivers or cyclist fault but sometimes it’s the pedestrians fault How could you do such a thing? Her parents are not teaching their kids anythkng The tittle should be stupid people walk in bike lane and pay for it Her leg is severely  broken. rude dumb ass family learned their  leasson I feel the same about cyclists on the road lol Like she just fucking died I'm not sad at all for them. There is a bikelane for a reason. For people NOT to WALK on it. Get hit by a bike on a bikelane suit yourself. is the path okay? Quebec is just fucked in general It's not the bikers fault stay on your side People shouldn’t walk in the bike lanes.

Cyclists should use the bike path for casual cruising, not for high speed riding. Do that on the road or on the trails. Dumbass people Now, they shouldn’t walk on bike paths anymore. That’s sad, but if it’s the only way to make them understand... Shit like this pisses me off. Happens on all bike paths I’ve been on. Clearly not cyclists fault Walk on your side then Terrible. There should be a separate lane for cyclists so it doesn't happen again But there’s no sign that says that it’s the bike lane where she was hit... Time to walk on the road and blame other people if I almost get hit She had it coming , then she played the victim Dumbass people these days still doing there own crap That’s what they get don’t walk in the bike lane Kids crying are the most annoying thing. Especially when they’re in the wrong smh Darwin award bonjour, je suis disgusted yeah and you stupid cyclist always cykle on the cykling lane instead of the road? no! you are in the way for cars that has the same problem so fuck of But it’s not pedestrians fault either, what’s the point of the signs and the entrance and end of the paths if paths aren’t closed on the sides (second 0.19, 0.28, 0.33, 0.35) and there aren’t signs so people can walk right in, people don’t guest!! If you are confident you are in the bicycle lane - be apologetic and offer to exchange details so that your insurance company can reimburse their hurt......sue them
I have given up cycling because we are bullied on the roads and pedestrians exert 100% control on pavements Its her own fault This mothers a fucking moron it specifically says BIKE LANE! Serves her right sorry but no sympathy for the broken leg.. idiots are on the bike lane Stay off the bloody bike Lane  are you seeing cyclist in the highway nope   we have the same problem  here in Denmark people just dont give a shit   and this is The reason why cyclist are using the car lanes  becouse they are so fucking tired  of the All the pedestrians on  there lanes !!! 

He  it feels to  release some of my anger about this shit 😁😁😁 Pedestrian hits cyclist* Idiots Both groups suck.. What did she expect if she walked on the bike side like it’s bigger that the bike one just walk on your side if you don’t want to get hit MOVE BITCH GET OUT THE WAYYY """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH THING?!""""
Ni🅱️🅱️a she just yeeted that leg 😂😂😂 Parents should know better to but their child in danger like that. I'm so triggered -.- walk on your lane people.... I feel bad that the little girl got hit... not if the parents got it hit ... they would of deserved it. Do you walk in the middle of the road ? No! so don't what on the middle of the bike lane ! Well then dont walk in the bike lane and you wont get pumbled its common sense there is such things as sidewalks That's like walking in the middle of the road, getting hit, and being like """"HOW COULD YOU DO THAT!"""" Stupid people. I bet a lawsuit is pending.
Why wasn't the adult supervising the kid?! These people are stupid Top 10 Most brutaliest Anime death scenes If people are going to walk in the bike lane they should walk very close to the edge and in single file to make way for the bikes and they should be watching for the bikes to make sure they stay out of their way There's no way she brock her lag Instant justice. Omg was the lane ok? Why Not Walk on Pedestrian Lanes Instead of Walking in Bike Lanes? Reminds me of that one guy screaming BIKE LANEEEE,GET OUT OF THE BIKE LANE,PLEASE MOVE. If this was in France..... why weren't they speaking arabic? OMG I FEEL SO BAD!! 





for the bike, is it okay? Jus slow the fuck down! Fuck u all blaming the parents.. I was just riding home today in a two way bike lane that was actually in the roadway and a family was walking their kid in a stroller down the center of it. Idiots. Slow down,,, Retards.. Simple. Don’t walk on a bike lane next time. Dumb bitch. This a bike lane ! Pedestrians must recognize their fault this is their problem break a leg kid! Now you fucking pricks know how it feels for us to deal with your stupid asses on the road. Shit vidéo Get off the fucking bike line fuckers You should keep kids on a leash if they're not self aware enough to avoid a huge chunk of metal flying towards them fils de pute ! Funny Shitty culture. That girl is clearly too young to understand this is 100 percent the parents fault y’all acting crazy in these comments That kid don't need treatment for her leg, she needs to be punished French people i guess the bike is a new car. Family's fault not the cyclists Oh well. Honestly if i was the person who hit them i would of cussed them out then left I’d rather people stay off roads with bicycles, so I guess if cars have to share the road with bikes, cyclists should have to share their paths with pedestrians. You might as well walk in the middle of the road if you walk on a bicycle lane because it is essentially the same thing. Bitch, get your child and move to your lane. It says bicycle lane you idiotic ass people. If you don’t wanna get hurt then move. It doesn’t take a genius to know this. Loooool get rekt walk in your lane i hope the bike is ok Then there’s me like

Free bike yeet That little girl that was hit was dramatic I live in Paris and there is a big cycle path adjacent to a main road I take to work. It's strictly sing posted and painted as a bike lane. Every to and from journey to work i have to shout at pedestrians walking all over with no care or attention drives me mad And when the stupid bikers drive in the catwalks? Ok so, My old daycare had a bike/scooter day where you could bring your bikes and ride them around. I didn't have a bike so I sat down and watched because I had no friends and this girl loses control of the bike and it runs over my leg. I was fine just got scratched up a bit. Bikes are proper twats It’s the little girl and her  family’s fault for walking in the bike lane And roads are made for cars but all good drivers look out for cyclists and pedestrians.
So don’t blame the pedestrians. Ride responsibly and make urge you don’t hurt people ! If you don’t want to get hit then gtfo of the bike lane So at 0:28 there are two people biking the opposite way, so is the whole thing a two way bike path? If so, it's only marked in one spot I can see in this video. She deserves it. Clearly its a bike lane. That’s why there are sidewalks for pedestrians OMG for a few seconds when the mother is carrying the girl you can see her leg dangling out of place, she was hurt bad. Ça femme est très ignorante :/ Well it was her own fault for walking where she shouldn't, don't walk where you shouldn't people and you won't end up with broken bones If I was there I would’ve yelled dumbass at the parents out loud so they can be felt as the guilty ones Idk why retards are mad at the child it wasn’t her fault it’s the parents fault for being in the bike lane. Obviously the kid is staying by the parents side. I like how the mother tells the cyclist how could he do this when its her fault , she walked into the bike lane knowing there were bikes like duh your child is going to get hit. No surprise there!!! Fucking bat shit parents risking their own children’s lives. I:56 moral of the story........ DONT WALK ON THE F*CKING BIKE LANE!!!!!! The bike lane needs to be in the street so cars can hit them IS THE BIKE OK? Honestly, who cares, I wanted to see the story behind this! She got what she wanted Im still were havent go to jail. And my comment was for all the retarded comments from nub and cold people joking with the injured girl. Get out of the box and update your medicin fast, fast I feel bad for that bike. Stupid people People are such dumbasses Why call the police? Lol Yes bike lane. 
But bike also shld not be so fast. 
Use a bell. That is a narrow ass path. It’s awful because bikes can’t just slow down because you walk in that lane . In this case it's the people's fault get out of the bike lane. I had an incident where I was walking on the sidewalk intended for pedestrians only and a bike hit me which was the bicycles fault. dumbass kid and her dumbass parents. """"How could you do such a thing?!"""" did she seriously say that. What a dumb bitch If she would ask me how I """"could do such a thing"""" I would straight up kick her in the face.
Keep your fucking ass of the bike lane when your walking on your ugly legs and keep your kid off it aswell or it has to learn the hard way!
Poor kid, but I'm not even sorry for the freaking mother. Hope the cops were strict with her. Slow down idiot. So.. It's the pedestrian's fault right? Stupid kid People are dumb. Enough said Fucking idiots are walking on the bicycle lane when they should be walking on the pedestrian lane. (Or whatever it’s called) it’s their fault she got her not the Bicyclist’s fault. how about people put their child at risk and expect everyone around them to know the world revolves around their family? a bit negligent People are getting dumb.... like real Fucking Dumb. Move bitch get out the lane What pisses me off the most is the fact that the sidewalk is actually 2 feet away. That's genuinely idiotic to walk on the bike path. It would be the same to drive on the wrong side of the road, why do it? Your side is right there! Can people not see that there is a bike sign for bikers only Totally pedestrians fault
It clearly is a road for bicycles and roller skates etc...
Second don’t really think that that little girl broke her leg
Third saying “ how could you do such a thing “ retards... you were the ones who chose to walk the bike path, look at all the people on the pedestrian path they’re all alive and well... Sue the parents Deserved it This is a prime example of how people don't fucking listen stupid pedestrians The perent is like ;how could you do such a thing? BEACH YOU ARE THE ONE THAT IS ON THE WRONG SIDE!!!!!!SORRY FOR THE BAD WORD! rested dans ta voie!







that means stay in your lane 



I'm french so yeah




au revoir Its not really the guys fault cause they didn't notice how many bikes were going past them and also how many people are on the opposite side to his left you can clearly see a big difference in people walking and not on bikes or using skates Agree get out of the bike lane but I live in an area where the bike Lanes are minescule and only there because they have to be. They're (not exaggerating, less than an inch wide) and it pisses me off when people actually ride on them when there's a billion bike trails. Same applies for people riding the bikes Why would you blame the cyclist? The same goes for cyclists that ride on walking trails expecting everyone to move over for them. And don’t forget about the ones that ride in the middle of the street thinking they’re cars. I’m fine with pedestrians staying off the bike lanes but cyclists need to stop being dickheads that think they own every road. wrecked Those bikers go fast though....too fast to be sharing a common place with pedestrians what about cyclists riding on sidewalks? She was just a little kid , blame the mother. okay but why are all those people watching mind your business its their fault for walkin on the bike lane like u have no one to blame ? She should sue the pedestrians. At least that’s how it’s done in America Instead of feeling guilty, the cyclist should have calmy asked """"how are you going to pay me for your child's mistake?"""" ;-) We are obviously the most sophisticated beings in this world... this proves it 0:54 look at her leg it's like jelly People should just bike on the side walk and show them how annoying it is. XD I hope the shoe is ok Stupid girl I blame both of them because the girl was in the was but also the biker should have stopped, but I’m mostly defending the biker. There was always a civil war between pedestrians, bikers and drivers dumbass parents Bicyclists are the worst, drivers and peds dont like them 😂 That's not fair on that woman she's getting shouted at when it's clearly the parents fault they were on the bike lane  with there kids Stupid people I hope that bike isn't broken or anything that would suck if it was. Those damn people walking in the bike lane should be punish for putting that bike in danger. That shit cost money Why would you call the police??? Now you know how drivers of vehicles feel! Well they deserved it. It's their own damn fault, they shouldn't be walking in the biking paths Neymar sister 


~_~ Okay why am I watching this I need to clean my room I feel bad for that kid, but it’s their fault soooooooo Ignorance like come on it’s not  a walk path it’s a cycling path. That’s just stupid parents use a cross walk What’s worse that it was a little girl that broke her leg if it was an adult I could care less lmao shame Tbh it’s their fault for being in the cycle line when they should be in the pedestrian lane pedestrians do have right of way, even if they’re in the wrong lane. bikes obviously are bigger and faster than most people. if there was an accident where a bus hit a motorcycle, you wouldn’t pin the blame on the motorcycle. that poor little girl didn’t deserve that, it’s just a sad story. Honestly it was the parents and the girls fault they got some karma they’ll learn for next time What an idiot lol is the bike ok? The kid was probably just scared half the time I get hurt I don't cry



I cuss Damn, I'd be crying if my little sister broke her leg too. Fucking cry babies Poor girl and her brothers crys just broke my heart but next time she should’ve been on the pedestrian side IS THE BIKE OK?? If I was there I would shout “BITCH IT SAYS BICYCLE LANE FOR A FUCKING REASON” (I’m sorry) No you F a - the moral is to take one's own responsibility seriously. That is the only thing applying in traffic.  I'm riding my bike every day. It is annoying when whoever forces you to break on their wrong behaviour. But it is basic common sense for anyone whatever is the vehicle: calculate your abiliy to stop within the individual situation! Here a CHILD got hit. What dickhead person is racing next to walking people?? BTW this was not a biking lane anymore but a so called FAIRNESS ZONE FOR BOTH.
A selfish asshole person broke a child's leg and you're here blaming the child!? HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING
If that was me :
BITCH WHAT THE FUCK I WISHED I HIT YOU INSTEAD WALK YOUR OWN FRICKING PATH STUPID BITCH Damn, I wish the parents got hit not the girl cause the parents are the ones taking them in the bike path Omfg! Get the h*ll off the bike lanes! And dont yell at an innocent person for your stupidity Stupid little bitch don’t walk in the bike lane Dumb ass little kid 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Next time a bus should ram into them all. That’ll teach ‘em Still better than putting the bicyclists in with the 2 ton death machines. French people don't care about anything unless it's themselves or France, or striking. If you see people ahead, slow down a little, do not try to dodge without reducing speed... Well maybe they shouldn’t be walking in a bicycle lane They get hit than wonder why? Lol retards get out the bike lane .. And yet some idiots still do it.... Tbh it was the parents fault I don’t even feel bad they should’ve gotten hit Stay off the bike lane. Then to the bikers stay off the road that's the family's fault I’d feel bad in the heat of the moment, but maybe they shouldn’t have been in the bike path Sorry but haha walk on your own lane then you skank Thai family is making a scene. They shouldn't have friggin been on the cyclist Lane! you wouldn’t walk on the car path (THE ROAD) so why are you walking on the bike path? people, bikes and cars all go at different speeds and when you try and go in a lane that’s not ment for you you risk getting hit. simple as that. That’s why i have a problem with bikes on roads, they deserve their own road but that’s not possible in a lot of places. I hope this is a lesson to everyone to make sure you stay in the correct lane! Walking on a bike lane is the same as walking in the middle of the road bikes and cars can do the same damage Funny looked like there were cyclist on the walking side to? People that ride on 2 wheels are the biggest cry babies..slow down take a breath and carry on with your day, I'm sure there's other things for you to bitch about out there.. its definitely not the biker's fault but not the child's either. Its the dumbshit mother not paying attention and not teaching her kids, Oh cone the fuck on that was he familys fault, they were quite literally in the bike lane what the hell did they expect calling cops after being hit by a bicycle Lol lol The lane isn't clearly marked at the point of the accident. Everytime there's a pedestrian on a bike lane

Me: BIKKKKKKEEEEEE LAAAAAANNNNNNEEEEEEE BBBBIIIIIITTTTTCCHHHHH!!!!

Him: Watch out. Pedestrian: Walks in bike lane Gets hit by cyclist BLAMES CYCLIST

Me: SON OF A BI- I cared more for bike then that crying girl .... So it’s the parent’s fault This made me laugh Same thing happened to me when I was a child Its the family's fault. You expect to walk on a bike path see bikers ahead of you going at quite a fast pace and not get hurt? I also enjoyed the screams and crying of the child I hope she died and suffered :D I mean come on tho did he really have to stand there and call the cops when it has literally nothing to do with him like that’s more annoying then anything else to me “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!?” Idk why are you walking in a bike lane where its like a street for bikes and where you could easily be hit? ''How could you do such a thing?!''

You're walking on the fucking bike lane that's reserved for bicyclists ONLY! 😧 you're in the bike lane “What’s the moral of the story?”

People are stupid Purge them honestly if I hit someone I would really care because that was a biking lane and they should saw the sign or that mark on the ground . they should be the ones who are responsible for the little girl to break her leg . This sucks for everyone 🙄I hate how she tried to blame it all on the cyclist when she should’ve known not to walk on the bikers lane No one thought about how the little shit probaply walked on the bike lane? I spy with my little eye. A FUCKING SIDEWALK FOR YOU TWATS. Hey whats the deal bicyclists
SHARE THE SIDEWALK
I have to share the road with your dumb asses What a bitch. Watch your offspring like you ought to already be doing and this shit won't happen. Not the cyclist's fault at all. Blame the negligent mom and the child that wouldn't stay where she was supposed to. She was old enough to know. not the bikers fault its the people. how could theh do such a thing I'm a cycler. I hate when people walk our line (  In my country there is ALWAYS a line for pedestrians near the bike line, but for some reason they walk the bike one). I drive super close to them to scare them a little when they do so. 
Maybe they'll understand something Stupid parents watch your kids.
Do you let them walk on the road full of cars..? No .. here is the same thing.
You're to blame THATS WHY YOU DONT WALK ON THE BIKE PATH!!!!! Seriously use your brain damn Why does the boy start crying when her sister broke her leg? She’s not gonna die calm the fuck down The bitch got what she deserved Omg that’s her again ta ta ta fucking idiots your going really fast man ik they shouldnt its just common sense REEEEEEEE MON ENFANT Slap the bitch that said 
“How could you do such a thing”


These cunts are gonna tell everyone they know that it was some cruel cyclist and not an accident 
The girl’s gonna grow up hating the cyclist for no reason people really need to be more careful and attentive, especially with their children with them. ”how could you do such a thing!?” 
how many braincells do you have to lose in order for you to not see the cyclist lane sign. if i was the brother i was like wtf are u doing call the ambulance  not starting crying I love how people blame the cyclists but it’s them!The lane clearly states it’s for bike riders.Yet they still walk there. Stupid fucking bitches. The retarded ass little shit deserved it. Stupid mother fuckers deserved it Stay out of the cycling lane.....it’s not that hard people. 🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️ Now they’ll probably stay in their own lane next time🤦🏼‍♀️😊 It’s simple don’t bike on driving roads “How could you do such a thing” you’re the one walking in the BIKE LANE He good he need to drink sum water """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Well, if you wouldn't have walked in the wrong lane you would have been ok. It's like complaing about getting hit by cars if you go for a run in the middle of the highway. calls police Hi police? Yeah some dumb ass family was on the biking road and one of their children hit my bike, I would like to sue for not putting that thing on a leash Send that mum to jail for that Don't walk in the bike lane i don't have any sympathy sorry it's just me right now Sidewalk.... bikelane.....road 
Easy 😊 Damn if my brother realized I Broke a bone he'll be tempted to tell me to break more It’s not that hard to walk on the pedestrian side It really wasn’t the cyclists fault The cyclist could have slowed down and put the breaks on, yes they shouldn't have been walking in the cycle lane but I imagine the cyclist knocked the child down on purpose. Imagine if drivers used this excuse when cyclists ride in the wrong lanes on the road? """"The cyclist was in the car lane so I ran them over, get out the car lane!!!"""". The cyclist was in the wrong. I hope the kid is OK now. Honestly. I've rode bikes and had to deal with people who hadn't seen me. One lady was so oblivious. I literally had to run past her with my bike. Not riding it mind you for her to finally notice me. Like Lady! Hello?!  It annoys me when people do this. Especially on hills. Or slopes. You keep bikers from progressing and put yourself in danger. Just because you have to right of way with cars doesn't mean you do with bikes. Stupid. I'm normally pretty nice but this! It aggravates me """"How could you do that to a child?"""" Like that guy's hobby is to run over kids. It's called an accident for a purpose. Geez She's fine she hurt her nail :/ Stop whining, here in south africa we don't even have pavements That would have never happened if they were smart bc why would you go in the cycling place when you know that people are gonna go a lot faster then you?? Honestly it's the parents fault no hate just saying but like srsly? i was in new jersey for vacation and tons and tons of people love using the bike lane to walk, stop suddenly, let their small children run wild, stop and set down big objects, walk opposite of the lane. And somehow get offended when something nearly hits them, one day after a couple stopped in the road with a cooler my friend nearly went over his handles and he told them there was a side walk for a reason and god forbid anyone get hurt it would not be his fault. People just don’t care this things that’s worried I feel really bad for the girl and her brother. Wished the parents got hit instead. I need the aftermath of this. People this is why YOU DONT WALK IN THE DESINATED BIKE LANES People are dumb, it’s obviously for bikes, so it was the family’s fault the girl got hurt, cause kids are stupid and dont look where they’re going. its there fault for walking in the bike lanes Mother: “How could you do such a thing?!” 

Me: “excuse me, you have no right to say that! it was YOU that let your child walk in the cycling lane! Karma is a thing, you know, do bad things, bad things happen to you!” Its true, I was the bike Idiots Mmmm. I wonder why she got it? I still feel sorry for her and her brother I hope the bike is okay. That must have cost a fortune.
Pedestrians: how could u do that
 
DEN WTF IS A CYCLING LANE FOR?


CYCLING U IDIOTS😒 Unbelievable, people don’t think ... French Mother: HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING! IT WASN'T OUR FAULT THAT WE WERE BEING IDIOTS AND CAN'T SEE THAT WE WERE NOT SUPPOSE TO BE IN THIS LANE! sure it's montreal? no orange cones everywhere doe? And it’s the cyclists fault that he hit the girl? The bike lane is for BIKES ONLY PEOPLE! This is why idiots don’t walk on biking lanes 🤦‍♀️ Her parents' fault she broke her leg Good little bitch deserves it Why would the mom pick the child up?? The kid clearly has a broken leg! croissant “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?”
well maybe get out of the fucking bike lane """"How could you do such a thing!?"""" lol Such dumb parents. They should know better then to walk on a bike lane. Not only are they putting themselves in danger but also their children. It’s their fault that their daughter got hurt. 😡 Go back to France if you cant understand American shit Cycle lane... idiots just because the city does not care if you go on it does not mean it is smart to walk on it The city needs to get on keeping people from walking on the cycling road. It’s not fair to the cyclist to have to take the blame if someone decided they wanted to walk on the cycling road. I don't blame the cyclist one bit. Dumb fucking bitch screaming """"How can you do such a thing?"""" YOU ARE THE ONE that endangered your child's life walking in the fucking bike path. Who the fuck cares if that little kid broke her leg? These twats are clogging up the bike lanes like calcium deposits in a spa pipeline... Why did the poor kid have to get hit, it’s her parents fault not the biker Walk on the correct side people. You can’t get mad at the biker for hitting your child when you let your child walk on the wrong side. It’s like getting mad at the driver who hit your child when you were casually walking in the middle  of the road i’m french & i can’t stand french people.
the ones in the videos are the like “perfect rich family that go on vacation every weekends”
it’s they’re fault & they accuse the lady. Penis. Damn..I hope the bike is fine. I feel bad for the cyclist she clearly didn't mean to hurt a little girl did she, it was a accident. I would like to point out if it's a cycle lane I wouldn't walk on it with my small kids. It's partially parents fault too That was their own fault not the cyclist's That was that families fault not the little girls or cyclists fault WALK IN YOUR LANE How can the mother say that's the cyclist's fault? She was the one who were walking where she wasn't supposed to. Cyclist didn't do anything wrong. Geez what a bitch. They deserve that for walking on the bike lane. SO ANNOYING. If you plebs know there are pedestrians walking around that day for whatever reason, maybe go slower then usual it’s everyone’s responsibility to be safe and observant, not just the people walking in the bike lane. Granted they shouldn’t have been there but the whole place looked packed to me, maybe they didn’t have a choice or maybe there should of been a sing forbidding walking along the bike lane. I don’t know. But it’s everyone’s responsibility to lookout for potential hazards. Tbh why don't people pay attention these days? Well their fault for walking on a bike lane, idiots... Dude in croatia the bike lane is clearly marked, a straight yellow line in the middle and on the left and right side to the road after road there are also bike lanes
But noo people just gotta walk on them like idiots and then say ITS MY FUCKING FAULT I HIT THEM
I didnt hit anyone but this happened to me, when i was going fullspeed cause im on the bike lane and no one is in front of me
Thought i couldnt see who was crossing the road cause heck bushes
And like i was going fullspeed and i didnt hit anyone, i just crossed over a girls leg and i fell fully bleeding from my chin and nose, also a little bit on my knee
That girl was crying and yelling at me how i am not allowed to go fullspeed, so i from then i stopped going fullspeed, not because of her but if i continue going the bigger will the chance be of me bleeding from my chin.
It wasnt mine nor her fault, but the people who putted fat and big bushes so you cant see a thing across the road
Hopefully the bushes got removed :v How was the Biker?¿ That family is dumb as hell The 2.1k dislikes are probably from people that walk on bike lanes😂 cyclists are azzholes, more should be arrested for their dangerous ways Stupid people with 0 common sense Cyclist hits autist Call the police bitch get yoself arrested is their bike ok It’s not the cyclist fault!! Woow people are stupid they should at least know that the lane is only for Bicyclist 😧 Fuck you man hat was a little girl Walks into Area 51 gets shot HOW COULD YOU SO SUCH A THING 😡😡 Stupid girl I feel so bad for the girl and her brother but I’m angry at the parents for making them walk in the bike lane it’s there fault I wish they got hit instead Those people are stupid that path is for cyclists they should of went to the path for the non-cyclist and in the end the woman gets blamed for that and probably even charged even know the parents are in fault here Poor girl she can't walk again It’s the families fault for being in the CYCLE LANE No dear, how could YOU do such a thing, blaming a cyclist for doing what they're supposed to do. You disgust me chinese again. Oh no she got hit is the bike okay D: Talk about dumbass parents Well none of this wouldve happened if you walked on your side 🤷🏾‍♀️ ah tiens des français. Dont walk on the cyclist path. Theirs a footpath for pedestrians right next to it. That little girl got hurt cause her mum didn't put her in a safe spot. Dont fucking walk on a bike path. Same as you wouldn't fucking drive on it. Stranger: How could you do such a thing
Me: well bitch move out of the fucking bike lane and no one will get hurt This is the pedestrians fault entirely walk where you are supposed to world hunger, global warmig now bike lanes Now they know not to walk on the bike lane It doesn't look like anyone in this video has a broken leg.  What I do see is a drama queen parent who should put more effort into keeping her kids out of danger by eaching them to not walk in cycle lanes *Walks on bike lane
*Gets hit by bike

HOW DARE YOU she probably blamed the cycalist for it afterwards. Just look at that small girl at 0:44, she looks like the biggest slut to ever live on this planet, is her foult for going on the bikers lines. I don’t really care that the girl was hurt I know it sounds kinda rude but they should not be in the bike liane in the first place I dont mean to be a bitch but it was their fault. The path is made to prevent these type of situations and there was a sidewalk next to it. im so glad this girl got hit it will teach her braindead mom a lesson Fucking idiots. It wasn’t the cyclists fault. ‘How could you do such a thing?!’, well honey buns, how could YOU do such a stupid thing. Also, that’s how karma works hon. HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING just wow she put her child in that cituation honestly i feel bad but it was their fauly PSHHHHH, WELL ITS NOT THE CYCLISTS FAULT SHE HIT HER, THEY WERE WALKING ON THE WRONG FRICKIN LANE. DANG THIS LITTLE GIRL IS DUMB, ALSO HER MOTHER “How can you do such a thing?!?!” WELL THEN WALK ON THE RIGHT SIDE “How you do such a thing?” gurrrl are you referring to yourself? It’s simple knowledge that you don’t walk in bicycle lanes. That’s like standing on a highway and expecting to be safe. Ptn les dangers publics Don't worry I'm sure my tax dollars paid for her and parents incompetence... Fuck universal healthcare my god Glad she broke her leg! 
Hopefully the girl and family learned something! 
Sorry for the cyclist though. i wish the parents got hit, for making the decision of walking on a fucking bycicle lane, poor child just followed the adults. jesus, is it that hard to walk on YOUR lane? Do you have a. Follow up? Same thing with idiots who walk on the left side of the sidewalk! Natural-selection.com dont walk in the bike lane, lesson learned. pain is the best teacher! like we say in germany: lernen durch schmerz - learning through pain. I love how the parents only care about their child and don’t even ask the cyclist if she’s ok That lane is for cycling and the mother gets mad because her daughter got hit. That makes no sense and I am truly sorry for what happened to the girl but I makes me so confused why the mother is upset And that's the proof people are very stupid I do feel bad for the girl I mean I know she’s little but her mom was like “how could you such a thing” the mom should have been watching her child sheesh Viejas pendejas Hahahahaha Lmao gtfo of my way then. This is technically the family’s fault because they were walking on the bike path. even if they were wrong walking on the bicycle lane you should still always keep your child as far to the side as possible and not towards the middle of the road Not to be rude to those people but it was all them and the mother or any other adult should have moved  her out the way The moral is people are fucking stupid I feel bad for the girl its should have been the parents “HOW cAn YOu dO SuCh a THiNg” bitch, I’m going fast its not like I’m just gonna jump off my bike when I’m riding it fast for your dumbass who walks in the bike lane They should have watched where they where going tbh That poor bike got hit by a child :( TOP TEN ANIME PLOT TWISTS I know she was hit in a cycle lane and that it was her fault to be there, but the cyclist could have stopped and she wouldn’t have broken her leg, I mean, she wasn’t driving a ferrari here, it was just a fucking bike. 
Edit: for everyone hating on me for saying this, It is such a shame that I have a heart and that not like the idea of a little kid getting hurt, right? 
I wonder what will you do if your kid gets her leg broken just because she was in a bike lane for a moment. You would just go and hug the cyclist and say to them “well done”??? Say what you want they are stupid... Why did you just let your fren take all blame? Why you no how you say... why you no tell loud mouth bitch that they were on bike path and (blows cigarette smoke) that girl with only 1 shoe did nothing wrong huh? You're mr opinions now but when a fren needed you most you were silent just hug it out ffs Red = death. Remember that Where do you want the pedestrians to walk? Where is the walking path? Show me the law/regulation that explain that cycling roads are ONLY for bicycles...cucling roads means that you CAN use your bicycle on it! Fun Fact:





Cycling lanes are for cycling, not walking on. the most important thing right now is if the bicycle is okay 100% deserves """"There's a reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path, and this clip will tell you so""""

AND YET BICYCLISTS ARE ALLOWED TO RIDE ON SIDEWALKS????  That's OK, huh?  Whatever... Goodness, if it’s a bike lane walk on the sidewalk. I hope the cyclist didn’t get in trouble. This not ok for da peps to be ok in da bikers lane #RIP GIRL Idiot pedestrians are the same the world round. I felt bad for the little girl and cyclist. I wanted to kill the parents. Hilarious “HOW COULD YOU SO SUCH A THING?!” 

Yo, if u wont get hit DONT WALK ON AN CYCLING LANE BITCH!! + Tha girl cryed like she was dieing xD The moral of the story






Use a big bike This is the funniest thing I've ever seen😂 Maybe stay in your lane next time, it's called a cycling lane for a reason. EW. you can se a bend in her right shin. I wasn't sure if I was seeing it correctly but when you said her leg was broken I knew Damn, Im 13 and I cant even ride a bike. Why was the woman on the bike shouted at when its really the other peoples fault for being in the bike lane Hey it says BIKE LANE why cant you see it its written on the floor. There's a sidewalk on the otherside. Oh no how could something horrible happened!? Its so sad to see this...is the bike still ok? Vive la france How are they gonna be like """"How could you do such a thing?"""" when they literally are WALKING in the BICYCLE path. Pedestrians have sidewalkes. Bicyclers have their bicycle lane. And motor vehicles have the road. It's not that difficult to comprehend. The phuck All these comments are making it sound like the girl deserved to get hit by the bike since her parents were in the wrong lane, and that's awful. There cyclist is also at fault here. Well how do you bloody feel when a cyclist is on the road with cars..... you cyclists think yours have a priority to go anywhere. And when you get hit you go off your face I mean c'mon. Dumbass parents. I hate pedestrians who dont give a shit about the lanes. omegalul Honestly, I think the parents should have been hit. I feel so bad for the poor girl! It’s the not the bikers fault the family should not be walking on the bike path It’s common sense. Every popular touring place is  going to have a sidewalk and a bike lane. There’s a sidewalk next to the lane, beside the bushes. People usually walk on the bike lane because they can’t all fit on the sidewalk. The cyclist should’ve stopped or shouted something so the pedestrian could move out of the way. But the pedestrians were in a bike lane. In conclusion, we can’t fully blame anyone because we didn’t see how the cyclist ended up hurting the little girl. It could’ve been that she did shout and yell, but they didn’t move in time (and she couldn’t stop because she was going to fast) . Or the cyclist might’ve been spacing out and not looking in front of her. :) Pedestrians have the right of way. Stupid toddler oml Who cares about a stupid little kid that’s what she gets and the parents deserve the same because not telling the kid anything That's what you get when a bunch of people are in the way of the cyclists. I honestly don't know how that wasn't solved before Can someone murder the woman saying """"How could you do such a thing?!"""" please? I watched this happen the other day but in my own town. The man on the bike apologised but the pedestrians yelled at him until the man sprinted off from fear. I felt so bad Poor bike The Mother and Fathers fault for walking there with children. They deserved to get run over for being so annoying and whiny. I hope some day people like this will found these videos and realize how stupid they are. WOW that cyclists deserves the electric chair for killing that baby!! People are always in the fucking middle of bike lanes casually talking and they absolutely don't care of anyone... I would hit the bitch and run fuck her 0:42 why dosent the mother ask that question to herself... how could she be so ignorant... When i was in hospital i sued Amtrak. I was clearly walking on the tracks, that train should've moved out of the way. Fuck you Amtrak Idiot parents and poor kid.. It's not nice for the little girl who broke her leg.... but come on! Bike lanes are for bikes! Pavements are for pedestrians! Get a grip parents! I feel bad for the little girl having such horrible idiotic parent's It was that little girls fault it's not that persons fault. If the family looked or payed attention that it was clearly a bike Lane. It wouldn't have happened simple. I like the fact that is channel name is a car model and is date 3 things here; very busy pathway, narrow pathway for both pedestrians and bikers, and improper ground paint, the paint on the ground should stretch out the entire pathway or at least have conspicuous signs for all to see. Failure due to proper Park and Recreation officials. To bad next time fucken move. Its clearly a bike lane!!!!! The mom’s fault and she’s trying to make the cyclist feel guilty... terrible parenting. Don’t walk on a bike lane and you won’t have your child being run over Good, should teach the asshole to stay off the bike path Feel bad for the bike Thats what you get for not following the rules. Bikers are definitely a weird breed ,just saying This honestly just really annoyed me .. stupid woman and the kid Il c'est passé quoi ? Oof Someone tell them they are in a bike lane brother loves his sister but it would never have happened if they didn't go in the bike lane That little girl clearly had a compound fracture of the tibia and fibula and her mom was just shaking her leg around!! She was literally causing her daughter eminence excruciating pain!!!! I know she got hurt and I feel bad that she got hurt but, I feel really bad for the biker too because the mother blamed her when they were walking on a bike trail. maybe they should put in some walking paths? You are a moron, you can't drive fast your bike among people, stupid moron. People are realy stupid go to school like fallow the rules people When the brother started crying I got so sad 😂 Hope her bike was ok. Fucking cyclists. You cycle wherever you want, yet want others to abide by rules/laws that you don't. Fucking hate cyclists. They should be banned. Oh shut up lady it’s not that bad. If you weren’t being dumb then you would’ve avoided your child being hit. It wasn’t the cyclists fault it was yours, there’s cycling paths for a reason As a parent she should think of herself putting her own kids in danger. Don’t walk in the bike lane if you don’t want to get hit. LOL first rule when someone gets hurt. dont scream .

 rule 2 dont blame others. 

rule 3 dont cause a sad environment by blaming others. 

rule 4 if he is laying  down dont help him get up. he chose to lay down for a reason.

 rule 5 dont ask questions while he is screaming in pain. his attention is  pointed somewhere else. 


thought i would share from experience I'm glad I know it's sad but it's their fault that they're walking on the bike lane! i feel bad for the little girl who broke her leg but at the same time i don’t because it was a bike path not a normal sidewalk for pedestrians to be walking on. it’s mostly her moms fault this happened to her because she just let her kids walk on the bike path. if her and her family didn’t walk on the bike path in the first place she wouldn’t have broken her leg. Walk it off. yikes. what a time lol I was hit by a bike once and had my nose and arm broken and two teeth knocked out. Yet in my case it was on a public road and the cyclist broke the lights at speed without a care in the world until he crashed into me. If this is a bike only lane then it is the parents fault. Everyone should know and follow the rules and know their place. Stay off cycle only lanes if walking and if everyone should wait for the lights on the road. If u dont wanna deal with a lot of stupid fucks dont live in a city Tbh its the parents fault for walking in the bike lane. The girl got hit because of them so don't blame the cyclists who ever goes on bike lane and get in my way i will run them over. fyi,not a child It was the people who were walking it's there fault Stupid idiotic parents blaming the biker Oh well, stay out of bike lane then. Sue the hell out of the biker. Make them insure/register their bikes Pause at 0:56 you can see her broken leg Oh wow blame it on cyclists. It's not their fault your dumbasses decided to walk on the bike lane. It should have been the parents that got hit this idiots Honestly the cyclist kinda did nothing wrong, that kid and her family should have known better and to not walk on the bike path. Well, stay on one side instead of taking up the whole way and you won’t get hit. Like those bicyclist who ride right in the middle of 100mph traffic and get mad at almost getting hit. You wouldn’t walk on a road so why walk on a cycle lane smh. The footpath is reserved for people to walk on. This video makes me want to go on a bicyclsts-hit-by-cars-compilation binge. it could use better markings . What's the point of having a dedicated bike path if pedestrians are allowed . It's very sad indeed that a poor innocent girl had to be the one that got injured , but this is , in part , the cities fault for not enforcing the rules Where I’m at they have bike lane right on the street. It’s so dumb Parenting Guide Book 101 dont let child walk on bicycle lanes 👏 """"Stay In Your Lane."""" -_- It wasn’t even the bikers fault it was the parents for walking in the bike lane. Moral of story you dumb biker watch for pedestrians! You both share the path. And slow you’re speed down dummy! I wish the girl got ran over again 




Hehe jk 


But srsly stay on YOUR LANE That girl deserved that. She was being dumb as, walking in the bike lane. Surves her rights Nice bike This is why I hate kids Some people are ignorant and out right fucking stupid they don't want to admit that they are wrong. That's what's wrong with people now a days If they make cycle lanes, first of all they are strictly for bikes. 2nd, wouldn't it be great 2 make 32 different lanes? 1 for bikes and 1 for people? Ah!! Wait!! 


SIDEWALKS The parents were wrong. But it was hard to watch a child break her leg....and her brother's reaction broke my heart. I have Younger siblings who are 6 and 8 and this breaks my heart Not the lady’s fault! 100 percent the families fault! Stay off the bike lane! Ha haaa Mothers fault if you're walking on a path specifically designed for a bike route then maybe you should get hit get sued for putting bikers in danger Ok whoever that family is needs to suck it up. She broke her leg yeah it hurts it’s painful and what not but you don’t have to make a big deal about it. It was an accident. Maybe stay your ass out of the bikers lane and that won’t happen. Don’t criticize people for hitting your child on accident while they were on their bike in the bikers lane while you were walking in it like omg. Mixing bike lane with pedestrians in a narrow path is SO WRONG in the first place. If that’s the case like this, cyclists MUST NOT speed and go slowly as you already know there are bunch of people walking along without defence and they are more vulnerable when they get hit. Cyclists can complain all they want but at the end, when you hit people with your bike, you hit them not the other way. Some people are slow to act, some are children and they run off even before their parents trying to tell them and sometimes a little too late when bikes are running TOO FAST. I even saw some cyclists were riding on the pedestrian sides in this video. So don’t put all of blame on pedestrians because at the end of the day, you cyclists knew that there is a risk of running into some pedestrian or a close call in this particular type of narrow paths. There is not even a fence or divider stuff. Be more mindful and careful with pedestrians and that is cyclists responsibility because you chose to ride on the bike on this pathway. Hope the bike is fine. After the girl (probably the big sister) said """"Ma'am how could you do that !?"""" The lady said it wasn't her fault, the girl ran to her, then the big sister said """"sorry, but with all those emotions"""" I honestly wouldn't feel bad. Not my fault you made that decision to walk on a bike trail. It be the same if you were walking in the middle of the street. Good Parenting!! Teach your kids to walk against oncoming traffic!! I hate that stretch especially at night. Pedestrians everywherr She needs some milk Their acting like the child died. Its a fkn leg, big deal. Oh yeah real rich telling pedestrians to stay off bike lanes as bikers ride on sidewalks and streets all the time!  🤪👎 Yeah they were in the wrong for walking in the lane but a biker can fucking stop when they see a little girl in the way 🙄 stupid ass Boohoo. The parents are at fault. Really??? Good. I hope both parties feel like shit. The girl and her parents are obviously to blame. But bicyclists cause so much shit on roads it's stupid. Most don't obey traffic laws and half refuse to get on the side of the road slowing down traffic. This is why the whole world is screwed """"How could you do such a thing??!?!"""" Typical Montreal pedestrian lmfao when it's their fucking fault. fuck bike paths, they ruined the pathways I'm getting one of this loud ass semi or train horns.. these idiots continue on their way and totally disregard the rules and you trying to come through and they're on your side of the path ring my bell they wear their headphones fuck them they going to get plowed Watch your dam kids and follow the rules How dare they walk there, they should be walking on the road like you bike riders do? Get wreked Take care all the time when your round kids simple.... Thw moral of the story is your a dick to say that little girl is at fault First of all the parent or whatever should know that cyclists have a path there and should be more careful on there surroundings especially if they have children there, let me just say it’s that lady’s fault for not being carful with her kids People are dumb. Like super dumb People these days are so ignorant Maybe you assholes should not go as fast You wouldn't walk on a car lane so why walk on the bike lane. People r stupid when they don’t follow da law Walk On your damn side of the road pedestrians walking in bike lane=wannabe bikes Haha it’s their fault. That’s the bike lane only so PEEPLE DONT GO ON THERE OR YOU WILL GET RUN OVER ITS BIKES ONLY. I would have had a word with the mother that’s for sure. I would embarrass her I heard someone shout at a cyclist for cycling in a bike lane. How dare she accuse him of deliberately hurting her daughter. What a jerk you are. So if I hit you with a car when you are on the road it's your fault? Moral of the story, Stop riding your bike like a fucking jackass, and stay out of bike paths, Better yet, Just don't have any bike paths at all, Make bikers ride elsewhere, Build a small circle track for them to ride around on endlessly, no fucks given if thats boring, Fuck bikers, they're terrible, self entitled people who they everyone has to bow down to them and move over for them. They deserved it. Cant they see its a bike lane or no? Frigging idiots I thought she was going to throw her into the bushes. Simple solution:

If you aren't a bike

Get the fuck out the bicycle lane Le message est bien passée pour ces gens mais le fait de dire """"Comment vous avez pu faire ça ?"""" C'est vraiment la phrase de trop alors que c'est eux qui sont en partie responsable de ce malheureux accident 
Mais bon la pauvre(la cycliste) comme même, elle a sûrement dû culpabiliser ... parce que une jambe cassé c'est pas rien Here we have an example of a bad parenting I feel bad for the little girl but WALK ON THE RIGHT LANE!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS.NOT.THE CYCLISTS.FAULT. WALK IN YOUR OWN LANE! Maybe if they started fining people for walking on clearly marked bike paths this would stop...  I know in my area if a pedestrian gets hit by a bike on a bike path/trail the pedestrian can't sue or demand compensation from the bike rider though they do try... Odd. It’s usually the cyclists who sound like whiny children. Welp they got what was coming WALKING IN THS FUCKING BIKE LANE!😂😡 I don’t really give a fuck that she broke her leg like I bet it hurts but I don’t care they were walking in the bicycle lane so fuck them they got what was coming with their dumb asses so all I gotta say is fuck them 🤬😂 The cheek of the mother when she was in the wrong Hmmm.

maybe I should walk in a cycle lane after this If it was an adult I would have been fine There should also be another moral of a story. Don't ride on the roads. Just like don't walk in cycle lanes, don't ride on roads. A pedestrian should expect to be hit, a cyclist should expect the same. Fucking hypocrisy in play. Cyclists always want their cake and fully expect to eat it. It’s called GET THE FUCK OUT OF THE WAY! 😡 You shouldn’t have been in the lane anyway when there’s bikers around. 🚲🚴🏻‍♀️😡 Por pendeja Looking at this video it looks to me like the family were on the cycling side of the pathway. I no doubt guess the girl was running about everywhere and the cyclist tries to swerve around them onto the footpath side hench how the bike and shoe end up in the middle and the girl fell down to the cyclist side of the path. Basically, stick to your side and keep better attention of your children. Also don't understand why the mother turns round and says """"how could you do such a thing"""". My guess middle class mummy who's child could do no wrong... I hate to but this is why i always slow down and get off my bike when it looks like there are a lot of people. Once my handles knicked someones shoulders because they burst into a small little dance.

It sucks that cyclists have to adapt but its better to slow down than to hit a child that decided to jump around all of a sudden. It's OK! They were only French Canadians. Is it bad that I laughed throughout this whole entire thing Why is the brother crying it's not like she's dead 0:43 is ur own fault bitch, parents shouldn’t walk on the bike path with children... Lol hope the girl died No one has common sense anymore Here in the 🇬🇧 uk these are called a SHARED SPACE.
It doesn't matter if you are on the RED tarmac for cyclist's or your on the BLACK tarmac for pedestrians.
AS LONG AS CYCLIST'S CAN PASS IT DOESN'T MATTER WHICH SIDE A CYCLIST USES.
Also cyclist's are supposed to use these SHARED SPACES using care NOT SPEEDING ALONG like this guy clearly is.
I've literally lost count of the amount of cyclist's I've punched in the face & put them flat on there arse's here in the 🇬🇧 uk regarding SHARED SPACE area's.
Had to put 2 cyclist's in the right place literally 3 hour's ago today so it's a continuous battle that i know I'm right by 100% so my message to all cyclist's using these SHARED SPACES here in the 🇬🇧 uk is PROCEED WITH GREAT CARE USING THESE SHARED SPACE AREA'S & PEDESTRIANS DO ACTUALLY HAVE PRIORITY ON THESE SHARED SPACES!!!
So get the facts digested & abide by the rules I hope that this little girl is doing okay now! I feel bad for her! 😥💛 Stupid parents. The parents are at fault because they dont tell children that they are walking in a bike lane, even though the girl got in the way it wasnt her fault, the parents are to blame and they thought it was alright to walk on a bike lane seeing as there was no bikes nearby, but karma got them back. The parents starred to blame the cyclist but it wasnt their fault that they dont know how to raise their children right!

“How could you do such a thing?!”
Me: Well excuse me, how is it my fault that you dont keep your child safe, you fucking fault lady!!! We need these gross blood sacks off my planet IM SO FUCKING GLAD THAT GIRL GOT FUCKED THAT STUPID ASS FAMILY WALKED ON A BIKE SIDE THOSE DUMBASSES Top 10 anime deaths Cyclists should be more cautious too..another moral of the story Your city failed to demarcate the bike lanes throughout the whole pathway. Flawed system, not flawed cyclists nor pedestrians. Pussy ass bitch lil kid look out It’s not as bad there as it is in FUCKING CLUELESS AMERICA BLOODY HELL The bitches was walking on a Fucking bike lane her fuckin fault The cyclist is not at fault, the family is. Fuck you cyclists. You think every part of the road is reserved for you. Get a fucking car or walk. If they didnt want to get hurt they shouldn't walk with a bunch of bikes going fast and not looking out for you, like seriously theres a sidewalk right there, but I dod feel bad for the little girl it was probably not her idea Tbh, I don’t feel bad for the girl nor her parents. I go to a park near my house that has a 2 mile round lake. I HATE when ppl ride their bikes there! They should be prohibited from doing so! Once I was walking my 2 dogs & an old grumpy guy on a bike cane zooming in from behind me & said to watch out or else he will run over my dogs on purpose next time! I nearly killed him & tosses him in the lake! There in the bike lane, it's their fault In America, the issue is cyclists taking up car lanes. STUPID PEOPLEEE i had that too i almost ranover a kid i stopped with my heart pounding i told the kid that he should be walking in the bike line he said """"you need to be more careful dumbass"""" I'm assuming this is Montreal. This event should make you realise that Montreal is a not an island that has what it takes to share roads with cyclists. Ban bicycle lane like we ban dangerous dog bread. I'd make them pay for my scratched up bike. This family is a bunch of wussies🤔 definitely not trying to say the girl deserved it, as she didnt, but it IS their fault. Yea it sucks having to go around slow moving assholes that dont follow the rules of the road, why does this sound so familiar? They could've went on the other side for pedestrians -_- That’s so sad 😢 and her poor brother looks devastated!!! You are going way too fast in that cycle lane. It's a shared pedestrian and cycle path which is not clearly sign posted (there was nothing on the pavement in the area of contact). It's the same idea as when cars drive around car parks - there are pedestrians everywhere, so drivers slow down to avoid running people over. The cyclist is in the wrong here I'm sure it hurt but the mom is gonna turn that kid into what I call a professional victim when they r always hurt worse people r against them they r being picked on it's sad the whole future generations r gonna be that way Ok, I understand that she's little and badly hurt BUT that's HER MOM'S fault for being STUPID and walking on a BICYCLE """"lane"""" Fuck your stupid kid, walk on the right side and don’t make a scene, I have no sympathy for dumbass idiots If you already know this why use it a-hole.
I'm a biker myself, so I would be going around 5 mph. Moron's like this make all bikers look lame. Who cares about laws people( mainly kids, or old people) should come first not your bike . It was the pedestrians fault! They were stupid enough to walk in the bike lanes.. who needs common sense when you have lawyers When the girl is in the way and is in the bike lane, it’s legal to hit them. And they little girl was collapsing on the ground like she was dying😂😂 BIKE lane....your in the BIKE Lane....Get out the Way (Sing it in Star Wars Theme) If someone hit my little girl like that I think my initial reaction would be anger and just worry for my child, but within a few minutes I would realize it truly was an accident and wasn't done Maliciously. The girl will recover and forgiveness will help everyone. I know people should watch where they are going but she was like 5 years old People blame those following the rules for their consequences of not following the rules. 😑 Serves them right. Good thing the girl got hurt or they would never learn. Literally I hate this, pedestrians using the bike lane that is reserved for bicycles only. Smh I feel so sorry for the girls little brother 😔 Walk on your side dumbass. You got what was coming to you 100% deserved They need to enforc the law and keep pedestrians out of the bike lane. There is a sidewalk there for them! That's their own dumbass fault though. Why let your kid walk on a bike path? Human instinct is to hit the smallest object instead of the biggest for the least damage dealt to ourselves... well I guess that happened here... Are people in the West so addicted to call the police when something happen, try do solve stuff at the scene unless it’s something really terrible.

This was just a crying child.... Jesus I just wish roads had no bikes. Bike Lanes and slow riders is needed Typical retarded French family. Hope her mother gets the same fate😈 idiots Stupid French (some) people, obviously using French in an English speaking country, that big woman should be the one, not that poor little girl! stay in your lane bitch LOl its also the cyclists fault they are supposed to yield and slow down parents are stupid to beng in there whoops Honestly she (the cyclist who """"hit"""" the girl) could've just ran away. She didn't do anything wrong 🤔 If u can clearly see that the girl has broken her leg. Why would you pick her up... ? Come on parents. I got hit by a bike full speed at age 3 and was perfectly fine sooo I doubt her leg is “broken” Does riding a bike make desensitize you to morals or compassion? A little girl suffered a broken leg. It was not her fault. Where I live, cyclists are very foolish. They can't decide if they are on a bike, or in a car. They get hit alot because they act like morons on the road... And the attitudes obviously cross over states. Good grief. Poor kid. Don't most people stay the right when walking or basically anything? I'm not sure if its different for different areas than where I lived. It was clearly the pedestrians fault for not being more careful and for being on cycling lane walking on bike's lanes, don't expect bikes to give way to you. stupid mother fucking retards i mean its a bike path for a reason.......... no one learns until someone gets hit ugh is it wrong for laughing i mean it’s that little bitches fault so oh well but it’s funny so People only care about themselves these days smh If it was a known fact that people does walk on that cyclepath (!), it seems reasonable to not paddle at a speed fast enough to break somebody's leg. The only sensible person in the clip seems to be the skater who helped to clear the path instead of just watching. Well deserved The little girl will be fine. The mother will always be an asshole. Poor  cyclist. Simpler solution.  Ban cycling. Honestly it’s their own fault I’m sorry when he realised the leg was broken I died laughing, that reaction was just too funny. Don't speed in the cycle lane. Cars have limits and so should they Did she break her leg or just hurt it?? I would have yelled what did u expect to the parents u put ur kids in danger for not wanting to walk on ur lane but on the cyclists lane so I mean ....... Best Mother of the Fucking Year https://youtu.be/JID74KL6oJo

Hi guys !! Pls support and subscribe to our new vlog !!! FIL-AM family here from California came from the Philippines.

Pls check out or new channel and will be uploading more cool videos .

THAnk you so much !!! Maraming Salamat po !!! ❤️😘🇱🇷🙏😁 Those stupid people should have looked where they wore walking no point of going to the police about it it's there fault not the cyclist Awww bless the guy he didn’t mean it and the woman yelled at him ): fuck you bikers Try calling for an ambulance first.. Not the bikers fault. 
Should’ve been walking on their side! Drive ur bike into them, it’s there fault. Awww man 







Was the bike okay? “How could you do such a thing” shut the fuck up. Have pedestrians not heard of single file and cycliss have to weave in and out of pedestrians,  is just mad, not tryingto be the bike police, but this could have been possibly avoided with the laws being followed!! I feel terrible for the little girl and the cyclists, accidents happen and sadly this one occurred.... hope all are recovering or recovered well and no permanent issues If I was there I would yell at the fucking family for walking in the bike lane not the cyclist. Fuck that family. 0:41 me when i saw the girl wearing sky blue crocs Please be kind to each other ,both sides must respect each other . Kindness brings in normalcy back into society. Its like a chain reaction one person does it others will follow. Allow everybody to.enjoy outside walks. I would like to add my personal experience that cyclists need to slow down and drive cautiously. Walking in a park where there was no cycle lane and a cyclist behind us just zoomed past us missing me. He didn't even bother to ring a bell from a safe distance which some good cyclists do.so please understand if you are a cyclist driving too fast when it's a narrow lane shared by pedestrians please know that u can hurt someone. If cyclists kindly ring their bells from a safe distance that would be great and drive a little slow that if they do have an accident ppl or children are not.harmed badly. Pls consider that  children are at a park they r children don't expect them to walk in a straight line like in a parade . That's why they r called children. Please be kind to each other. I have thanked cyclists and have pulled my three year old ahead of cyclists but the speed you guys drive is past normalcy bcuz probability of children and ppl coming into ur way is 100 percent. thats why sidewalks exist dumbasses Don't ever need to care about them ! That stupid idiot family never observe the rules , that little ginger girl deserve to get hit I feel bad for the little girl but they should be careful also the brother was probably crying because he relized how much he would have to do for his sister like clean the kitchen or do all of her chores 😂 I hope she’s ok though jsumo Same here in Thailand.
I mean THE PEOPLE JUST PARK THEIR CAR AND THEIR MOTORBIKE ON LIKE LANE AND DON'T CARE I feel bad for the girl, but they were walking In the bike lane. Omg is the bike okay?
Rhetorical Question btw. the title should People got what they deserved Why would you walk on the bike lane? Teach your children What just i heard from that moron"""" how could you do ....( in french). Welll thats ms asshole, stay from the bike lane When the mom said,”How could you do such a thing” I was dead because it was her fault it happened lmao Mothers fault, her fault her child broke her leg, NOT THE CYCLISTS. Mother is a fucking idiot If people and kids were walking there then how could you ride a bicycle in that speed. Have some reverse common sense... 0:40 that bitch desrvers it. Kids and mothers fault. Never walk in Germany on the bike lane you will get shouted at and they rape there ring even if you had already gone to side Move bitch get out the way Why didn’t the cyclist hit the mother instead? That would have been lovely! Retarded mother. If you're gonna have a pet keep it on a leash. Kid, hyperactive little things, on a bike lane. What could possibly go wrong? Get out of the way!! Dang It's not the cyclist's fault it's the parents and the kid's. This is a lane for cyclists not for the walking people
Learn where to and where to don't go ITS NOT NECESSARY TO CRY THAT LOUD AND SHES OBVIOUSLY FAKE CRYING Lmao.  Teach ur kids not to be stupid like u. Did you really happen to be filming when you came across this? Was it a re-creation? Or a demonstration to bring awareness? It’s funny how French people are very closed with their language and they don’t wanna talk to you in English and expect you to learn French yet they post videos in English cause they know nobody will give a fuck if it’s in French Poor little 👧 1. They should've stayed out of cyclists  
lane.

2. The mother should have kept her daughter out of the danger side. Where the cyclists are heading. But still never walk in the lane you're not supposed to be in the first place. It's common sense. Now this girl can ride there on a wheelchair. BA-DUM-TSS) This is fucking hilarious! Fuck those frenchies😂😂😂😂 Learn a countries laws and restrictions before you enter a different country! How could he do such a thing? How the fuck do you let your kids get hit by a bike. Thats the parents fucking fault lmfao. The guy didnt do shit wrong. Get hit by bikes. I love it. Then you ll learn where your place is. Degenerates. Is the bike ok? On who are you calling the police? Cyclist or the family? Cyclist is innocent and the family violating wrong lanes Is the bike okay!!? This cyclists lane wasn't clearly signed. But also , when I'm driving my car through a populated area , especially when there are children around, I slow down and pay extra vigilance. Children are fast and can end up in front of a car/bike faster than a parent can pull them back. Especially if that car/bike is going faster than they should be Are these people blind? I fucking hate cyclists I'm just saying it's not the cycles  fault it's the ppl who walked in the cycling Lane so it's mostly the family fault and there blaming it on a rider The girls parents, family, herself, and everyone else on the bike on the biking path, except for the bikers are just stupid People are dumb. Why they let their kids walk on lines for bikes. Its same like letting them run on roads for cars. LoL Its good that people is on your side
But dont take it literally! I think that they can clearly see the sign that says “cyclists only” or something like that , so you can’t say “how could you do such a thing?!!” First of all your dumb and blind.PEDESTRIANS ARE ON THE PAVEMENT!! She has a great brother Not the kids fault, it's the parents! The parents should have got hit, not the child 😢 They act like she died! The girl got badly hurt yes, a broken bone, but what happened was an accident. For the family to yell at the cyclists was immature and rude, especially seeing how devastated the cyclists who hit the girl was. That kid is fine, parents r being overly dramatic The people who let the kid onto the bike path are idiots oml did u see how dramatically the little girl slowly fell over 😂 and then how dramatically they carry her off 😂 Karma tbh The bike lane isn't clearly marked at the place the child got hurt. It's the city's negligence not the pedestrians fault not the cyclists fault. It's not even the little girl's fault, the parents are the ones who decided to walk there... Some people are so stupid, fml This happens to me I was the biker tho and all the moms got a turn to slap me

LIKE IM SORRY YOU WERE ON THE WRONG LANE This always happens to me when I cycle on the cycleing lane but people still walk on the bike lane and they last stand there and then they would have a go at me for cycling in the bike lane How could you do such a thing? Really? It's their fault for walking in the BIKE LANE The shoe just lying there in the middle of the lane made me laugh! 😂😂😂😂 In amsterdam people on bikes don't stop. Don't walk on the cyclist lane Probably it’s their fault not the biker it’s a biker lane but still have to say sorry even tho u hit em FOR GODS SAKE WHY AM I WATCHING THIS (for some reason I'm still watching this call help ) How can humans be so dumb 1:03 she didn’t fucking die, she broke her leg. It could have been so much worse, no need to be a puss about it. I fractured my arm and I actually wasn’t crying Owned C'est incroyable comment il peut avoir du monde stupide😒 Après ils mettent la faute sur les autres... Have a fence so these idiots won’t get run over can't be any worse than that fuckin Belleville I just wanna day: WELL YOUR ON THE LANE WHERE BICYCLES GO! Common sense please? The lady getting mad but it's her fault for not being in your lane. People need to admit/realize there mistakes instead of blaming it on other people. Like if you agree reads look ahead and you'll see  I can't see shit Seriously it’s obviously the parents fault. It’s a mf bike lane I think the woman desserves the Hit not the girl Because of her idea her kid got hit Another thing is, if you're going to already be an idiot and walk on the part of the sidewalk/road that is specifically reserved for bikers, giving the benefit of the doubt that they didn't know it was the bike pass, you should still walk pretty close to the side so you don't get into anyone's way whether they are skating, riding their bike, running, etc.  It's not safe to be in the middle of the path of anything honestly. The boy is good brotha but a crybaby cause his sister broke her leg it's not like she died. When my siblings broke there body parts I was lagging because they were doing stupid  $!#%. Like those people were doing.but all and all he is a good brotha not like I was Thats what u get! Make video like casey on thia issue... Maybe you should get your butts on off the bike lane then you wouldn't get hit, it's pretty simple, would you play in the street and blame the car if it hit you? No! Feel bad for that the kid, she'll probably not learn from this with parents like that. Then the bitch should have gotten out of the fucking way. shit,  it's simple. “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!” Well you were walking on the bike path so it’s u flat for walking on the bike path!!!!!! 0:57 That leg looks kinda wobbly!!! I wish the parents got hit, they were the ones that deserved it """"HOW COULD YPU DO SUCH A THING?!""""
HUNNI, Do you understand what cycling lane mean? BIKE LAAAAANE. YOURE IN THE BIKE LAAAANE. GET OUT OF THE BIKE LAAANE. CAN YOU PLEASE MOOVE Dumb people WALK ON YOUR LANE DUMBASS “How could you do such a thing?” GIRL! ITS YOUR FAULT! Like geez! She need some milk 
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
Oh and guess why they are called cycle lanes? FOR CYCLING LIKE WHAT THE HELL YOU THINKING
Omg i hope the bike is fine! Dumbass parent To be honest ... It wasnt the bikers fault it was the pqrents fualt to be walking down a lane were there not so pose to be the girl probkey got in the way and i fell bad for her but. The parenst new that thete are people rideing there and they still put there famiky in risk and when she said""""how can you do such a thing """"  you shoulnt say that to them say it too you self cuz you didnt care that you were in risk of getting hurt you took the risk now pay the proce of not listening And this is why people get hurt and they blame the cyclist FACEPALM WHO COULD U DO SUCH A THING

like could u look down and see the dam bike Oh well. Her visit was free anyway since they live in Canada 🙄. """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!?""""

Well walk on your own side and maybe that wouldn't have happened. The kid and the parents are dumb get out of the bike lane! No need to yell at the cyclist when it’s  your fault Hopefully the little girl's parents learned their lesson. This gets me so mad, its not the cyclists fault, its the little girls fault for not following the rules. Fuck you and your gay bike lane It’s the own family’s fault, it’s a bike lane not a pedestrians lane Bad parenting . Walking in the bike path and two picking up a child with a broken leg without splinting could've made the situation worse. I hear French and I think oh yeah lunatic liberal. What idiots. I just laughed at the stupid family who did not give a crap about bike lanes.  It’s like walking in the driveway instead of the sidewalk. lol Morons. You don't walk in the bike lane. It's just common sense. Idiot parents 0:50 when you are too lazy to walk... Lady: """"how could you do such a thing?!""""

Me: """"yeah, girl. How could you damage his bike?!"""" Fake leg was a paid actor i got hit by a cyclist too lmao i was trying to cross then my dumbass wasn't able to decide whether  to move forward or back when a cyclist came so i froze like some idiot


it was so awkward i was like shizz sorry Oof Learns them right, they should know and understand that it’s a biking lane.. Even worse, it’s written on the lane I felt more bad for the cyclist. omg theres no blood i fell of my horse and she steped and broke my pelvis but i didnt cry first off the lil girl is dumb i speak french and it was the girls fault so there dumb the people on bikes are fine Its not very fair because she is soo young, but lets face it, the little girl was not doing the right thing and GOT on the bike lane which could've injured the biker. Soo, the biker really did nothing wrong. And when the mother said """"How Could You Do Such A Thing"""" the biker was just biking. Just saying, unless she got off the bike path and hit the kid Did she steal his bike Well then don’t fucking walking the damn bike lane! Why do you think it’s called a bike lane! It’s meant for bikes, dumbass, it’s called a sidewalk, try one, notice that it’s called “side WALK” where you WALK nigga i dont feel bad thwy ahould have not been there. Is the Cyclist ok? Lol Yet again entitled cyclists not paying due attention when they know ppl are around. Fucken idiots. It’s a BIKE lane Don’t walk in the bike path idiots you are the negligent ones. Bikes only ! Same things happening in S. Korea Fucking cyclists 0:55 you can see the little girls leg swinging in the air as her mom picks her up in the netherlands we call this target practice Mother: How could you do such a thing?!




I would of just been like: How could you be so stupid?! The people trying call the police 😂😂 wth are they gonna do, u decided to walk ON A CYCLING PATH to RIDE BIKES ONLY not their fault if you can't obey the rules 😂😂😂 Funny the biker is mad about pedestrians walking yet those who drive normally have to put up with ignorant bikers all the time. Pedestrians have the right of way jackass! Parents fault Dumb asses Maybe you shouldn’t walk on bike paths Basically it's the mum's fault. Bitch Shouldn't the title be 'Pedestrian hits bicycle?' Bruh srsly does.the child has.to cry Jesus it’s not that hard there is literally a side walk less than 5 meters away and the parents choose to walk the kids on the fucking bike path. Like, don’t blame the cyclist if you’re the dumb shit who put your kid in danger. And they were the ones who hurt the cyclist. Like sheesh, you’re not the only thing person who’s the victim IT WAS THEIR FAULTS DONT BLAME THE CYCLIST. IDIOTS CANT YOU SEE THAT UR SUPPOSED TO WALK ON THE OTHER SIDE NOT WERE THEY RIDE THEIR BIKES. UR FAULTS I feel bad for the cycler, I’m sure that wasn’t her intention. You remind me of those bicyclists who ride on the side of a busy street who are really annoying and are asking to get hit I don't feel bad Maybe if people stayed on the appropriate side of the sidewalk, this wouldn't of happened. People nowadays are clearly incapable of doing the simplest of things, yet blame others for what they do. Think before you act, and not vise versa. Illegal aliens, don't know the rules of the city , its not their fault .. just come to India for cycling: one road for cars, cycle , pedestrian and trucks. You can see what happens when people don't pay attention and go on  a BYCICLE lane. Hopefully that family learned their lesson. HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!?!?!?!?! I mean I feel bad for them, but, what do you expect to happen if your walking in a bike lane and not being careful? Common sense people, common sense. The parents were stupid to be even walking there in he first place so it’s their fault. But that mom got mad over nothing. It was their fault. I wouldn’t have been apologizing after she said that if u was the cyclist. “How could you do such a thing?!”

Well I’m sorry I was riding my bike in the bicycle lane. Where you aren’t supposed to be walking. What the fuck are these people doing walking in bike lanes for I hope the poor bike is okay.  When the woman said “HOW COULD YOU DO THIS?” Well, lady, it’s your fault to brings the kids in He cycling lane so... Did that biker have to pay for the injury, if so I'd feel very bad especially since that isn't even his fault Felt little no remorse for the girl, because it was the parents’ fault for not noticing cyclists coming from directly behind you... I was dying laughing when the lady gave her the shoe I hope the bikes ok Is the bike alright? The little boy crying breaks my heart but at the same time the lane is for bikes  ;‹; but the kid looked  so worried for his little sister AAAaAaAAaAAAa Excuse me, take responsibility for your own actions Poor bike That's their own fault Haha that little girl got R E K T Dumbass I hope they learn their lesson 🙄 The bike path you drove on, and in the area the child was hit is not clearly marked...so much that i don't believe it was a bicycle only path. If I was on a jury...50% fault to the municipality, 25% parents, 25% cyclist. If the parents had a brain then they wouldn't be walking in the bloody cycling path.
It's like walking in the middle of the road and then crying about getting hit. PARENTS FAULT 🙄 Lol differenxt when cyclists are on the road rather than the cycle lanes though isnt it Omg is the bike ok?? :( That makes me sick to my stomach, I have a soft spot for kids and this was so sad, reckless parents shouldn’t be allowed to have kids :( I don’t give a fuck if I hit someone its their fault not mine walking in the bicycle lane stupid people Karma is a bitch😕 In Texas we have bike Lanes on the road, leaving the sidewalks for the pedestrians. Other countries should learn from that Typical cyclist behavior:

- while drivers slow down in the school zones, cyclist continue riding the same speed.

- drivers stop at stop signs.  Cyclists blow through them.

- drivers stop when people are crossing. Cyclists pretend they don’t see them or swerve around.

- cyclists drive in the middle of car lanes, forcing cars to either drive at a snail’s pace behind them or cross double yellow lines to get around them.

- cyclist get turned on watching videos of little kids getting maimed by other cyclists, then make psycho comments like, “I hope the bike is ok. Der dum dee do...” and then hit “like” when other cyclists make similar stupid comments.

It seems that the average cyclist is mentally challenged and a sociopath. Why would you walk on a bike path, get hit, and then get mad at the person who hit you? Stupid parent should of held on there kids instead of blaming it on the biker This just makes me cry If you see there are walkers on the path, slow down.  Maybe they shouldn’t be walking on the path, but be the better person.  I feel sorry for the female cyclist, but worse for the little girl. I hope the bikes ok You could see across the bushes there was a sidewalk! For people to walk. I feel bad for the kid because it was not her fault, it was the parents. This incident could have been easily prevented if people walked on the sidewalk, people biked it the bike lanes, and cars drive on the road (not that cars were part of this) It’s like if you were walking on the street we’re cars were driving and got angry at the driver when a car hit you. The one lady who gave her her slipper though, true mvp The fam thinks it is the person driving the bike but they were in the bike LANE. Moral-Fallow signs Maybe get off the fucking bike lane Wait why is the boy wearing a Lakers hat not that there's anything wrong with that I feel bad for the little girl but her parents should have not even been in the bike lane anyway and expect not to get hit😑😑😑😑 S T A Y I N Y O U R L A N E Sits in middle of road get almost hit by car FUCK YOU WHY ARE YOU DRIVING IN THE STREET Is the bike ok? wow can't the people just walk on the side that they are supposed to be in.I mean the little girl got hurt but that was the parents fault for not walking were they are suppose to be in and dont blame the cyclist because they are technically they were following the rules and the parents had just put themselves and their children in danger😕 wow can't the people just walk on the side that they are supposed to be in.I mean the little girl got hurt but that was the parents fault for not walking were they are suppose to be in and dont blame the cyclist because they are technically they were following the rules and the parents had just put themselves and their children in danger😕 I don't know why, but when I first saw the video, I thought the person recording was gonna hit someone.
Boy was I wrong. Good And then I Would say """"that's a cycling line, what do you expect woman"""" I hate cyclists. Hope they all die lets just say, DONT BE A PEDESTRIAN KIDDOS ;) OMG I HOPE THE BIKES STILL OK TO RIDE!!!




jk lol Clearly the cyclist isnt in the wrong. some people are so retarded.... If someone got hit while walking in the bike lane that’s their fault like they have bike lanes to avoid this but if you are clearly walking in it knowingly that’s just shame on you so if you get hurt or some else that’s in you for may following the law I was that damn family stupid cunts I was in France once with my friend I was riding a sports bike on the bike lane then from a bush came a woman out it was to late and I hit her and she fell on her daughter both were hurt and I diddent need to pay for them because I was on the bike lane 1:10 
how to make things worse in a small accident Should've run over the mother...
Tbh, I feel sorry for the kid. But you really have to INVENT some new kind of stupid to walk on a bike path  even though there's a perfect path with people RIGHT NEXT TO IT. They probably deserve it Unfortnuatly this happens a lot at my bike track. Its near the woods so a lotta ppl go camping there and some fucking goddamn dumbasses just decide to sit in the middle of the fucking track.
Ive crashed into a total of 17 ppl there and most of them knew their mistake and apologised but sometimes people DONT apologise and instead decide to fight back. Fortunately, it doesnt go well for them and the police usually back me up and i made some cop friends just from how often people call on me. That’s what you get for being idiots pra familia inteira ter que chorar desse jeito, o ciclista so podia estar a 1000 km per hour The woman said how could you do such a thing. First it was an accident. Second get your clumsy daughter out of the bike lane! She was crying and she broke her leg and it was her fault Why would you walk in the biking lane and you know that there are bikes can’t you just get in a line if you go on the biking lane bc of you bundle up you have a higher chance of getting hurt The stupid girl was walking on the bikers side!It's HER FAULT.not the bikers 0:54 u can see how the leg is brocken 

Srry had to i know that child broke their leg but why fucking walk on the bike side, when I ever did that as a child my mum would tell me right away and not fucking let me walk there """"How could you do such a thing?!""""
how could you let your child and your family walk in front of MOVING bike Cyclists are invading the spaces that used to belong to motorists and pedestrians. I have no respect for cyclists. There's difference between sidewalks and bikepaths and its in the damn words This is why people annoy me sm The parents should have walked through the crosswalks I feel bad for the cyclist 🚴三For the girl too but still 2 222 222 views Hope the parents got fined or arrested for that they should of been the ones that should of got hit Wlcome to MONTREAL In Russia there is a really few roads for cycles, btw nobody gets injured :| Is the bike okay? HAHA LOSERS thats what they get for walking in bike lane Ooooooo but I really hate it when people walk in a straight line across a path and get mad because you're in the way That little girl is a crybaby. It’s not the bikers fault Kinda there fault Is the bike ok?!?!😨 Yet going to fast , and bike on the other side 2, if you know the dangers slow the fuck down Even though it’s a little girl, this makes me hella angry at that family They deserved it But what is a pededistran? Like a german or surinamese? """"I can't believe you've done this"""" Stupid parent and kid . I feel bad but that is how you learn by experience in this world ... pain ;-; ....

and yeah . Lol is this Amsterdam Hope the bike and floors ok and this is why we can ever friking ride bikes always those people,smh Would of hit her with a baguette Лол, я думала, такое только в Рашке)))

LOL, I thought it happens only in Russia Honestly people, walk on your side! Sheesh! It’s THEIR FAULT!!!!!!!!!!!(sucky parents 😒) Dang some ppl so nosy n gotta be all up in ppls business.. Tbh the kid was probably being a little brat and running round in the cycle lane and she ran into him Freaking parents Don't feel bad for the lil girl one bit.  Car lanes are for cars.  Bike lanes for bikes side walks for ppl Fucking people can't walk there tf is wrong with them its just plain dumbassery, its a BIKE path for a reason I don't feel bad for the little girl lmao It's the parents and the kids fault lmao If i was that girl i would oof Natural Selection is a bitch. Don’t walk in the bike lane. 🤔 There was next to no indication thats a cycle lane Here I got meds We have problem here with people walking bike lanes.  On several occasions cyclists were assaulted  after collisions with pedestrians. Now more and more riders are using body cameras to defend themselves. DUMB BITCH I hope the bike is ok Stupid woman he was riding a bike the hitter honestly how pathetic 3 days before my bday They act like its the cyclist's fault. Well now that they have hurt a little child maybe we can outlaw bicyclists being able to ride where people walk  we need to ban bicycles in the us and deport you a holes that call your seves cycleists you people are ride and ignorant It's her fault for walking in the bike Lane They need to follow the damn rules or be attentive for f sake If people is being salty and saying that is the bikers fault, you are a complete idiot. There is a thing called sidewalk, have you ever heard of it? I have got hit worse than that whining girl. 👏That's👏why👏you👏shouldn't👏be👏idiots👏and👏walk👏on👏fucking👏bike👏paths👏 We must always be careful because ppl don`t give a fu*k. I saw numerous intersections where people could walk into the bike path with no clear warning it was a bike path. How strange.. bikes keep to the right..except most were on the other side on the pedestrian?? It wasn’t only the pedestrians fault it was also the cyclists fault Man fuck the bikers. Where I live they call them active transportation routes. Making it totally useless for a bike path. Ppl walking not paying attention whatsoever,roller blading etc.And then there's a small dog park right beside the path,dodged a few roaming dogs. But what gets me really ticked is when a group parents just stand off to the side talking with their backs turned away,and their toddlers are sitting in the middle of the path playing. You dumbass people move your fucking kid If there is one thing that i despise it would be all of those copying sheeps on the side all turning their heads and keep watching as if aliens just landed This is a bike lane you are not supposed to be walking there (using common sense) 
Same thing like if u were walking on the road.. you can’t think u won’t get hit Honestly this was their own fault. They shouldn’t have walked there. I know how you feel. This bothers me every day It was that little girls fault got walking on the bike lane That is one of the worst bike paths I've seen. I have no idea why they say it's clear. Here in the UK we have different colour paths. And that is called karma.. I feel bad but they deserved it so BAD PARENTING HOLD UR KIDS HAND DUMB ASS Its not the cyclists fault -: ,,How could you do such a thing?!”

Yeah, i agree, how could you do such a thing? You know that walking in a cyclist path is a HUGE thing!

Maybe that mom should just be in a hospital, getting her brain checked, Because DO YOU KNOW HOW STUPID I can tell you that if you hit a pedestrian in a bike lane here, you're usually going to be at fault. Pedestrians nearly always have the right of way. You're riding a dangerous machine at high speeds and the pedestrian has no defense. The police will probably find that the bicyclist should have been able to stop or avoid. Is the bike ok????








This is a joke if you don't understand Apart from the start, there were no other signs indicating bike lane/s. Cyclists do tend to go too fast around pedestrians and will always result in injury to others.
Not agianst cyclists providing they ride sensibly and follow road rules. This makes me happy It's the pedestrians fault not the cyclelist Unfortunately I believe they’re both were in the wrong at this time and situation the pedestrian for walking on the bike path the biker for not paying attention and running into the little girl trying to call police?  they need to call a psychiatrist for taking little kids walking on a bike path. That’s why they should follow the rules and stay out of the bike lanes dang! Stupid parents 
""""Hey lets walk on the bike lane
WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG """"
Smh If she had her leg broken you don’t call the police first you call the ambulance first WHO THE FUCK CARES IF ITS A LITTLE GIRL ! FUCKING UNEDUCATED PARENTS LET THEIR KIDS WALK AROUND FREELY IN BIKE ROAD. SAME AS LETTING THEM WALK AROUND IN HIGHWAY AND THEY EVEN DARE TO QUESTION YOU BY SAYING """"HOW COULD YOU DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT ?"""". FUCK YOU ! OK ? FUCK YOU AND YOUR PARENTHOOD ! Why do cyclists think they are driving a 40ton truck with the braking of a train?  your riding a bike that you can stop in less than a second 0:40 How could you SO such a thing?! Little girls fault for being on that side If you know there is a good chance for pedestrians to wander into the cycle lane , why don't you slow down ? Ur lucky that it was not u I’m an avid biker, driver and regular walking pedestrian, personally I think the problem is people in general. I see many bikers and pedestrians both breaking the traffic laws. 10 years ago this rarely happened, people understood right of ways, nowadays I see stupid people everywhere distracted when they should be paying attention. Honestly, I don’t get it, it’s as if liability is not a priority anymore. 0:55 her leg is broken. how can a leg bend that way? Still i blane the family Wtf is wrong with people, like people are fucking retarted there was literally a fucking sidewalk right next to them were they could’ve walked, they shouldn’t have been in the bike lane. And they shouldn’t have made such a big scene, their acting as if their daughter was fucking killed. She broke her leg calm down😂 Fuck cyclist Bike lanes are used to protect pedestrians, yet some gifted individuals walk on the bike lane for no reason. It’s both the parents’ fault and bike path designer’s fault or whoever puts up the biking lane signs or however that works. There need to be more signs so that people know it’s a biking zone, but the parents also need to have more situational awareness to see that a biker is about to crash into their family before it’s too late. She fully deserves it tbh is the bike ok? Lol c'était en France. Sorry buts it’s kinda there foult for walking in a bike pane Lmao at everyone saying the kid deserved it for walking in the “bike lane” you bikefags are subhuman Hope the bike's fine Idiot people Ok you can complain about people walking near the bike but cant say shit about a bitch on roller blades .... okaayyy The comment above and below me is a bitch Poor girl, don’t blame her, blame the parents. little kids are more vulnerable cuz they are tiny as hell, its the parents fault. why the hell would they even walk in a biking lane knowing they could get hit in the first place?

knowing how stupid of a decision that was to walk on a biking lane WITH CHILDREN, i cared more about the bike. French people are officially the most cowardly and weak people ive ever seen I understand but i think you were exaggerating a bit, i don’t think her leg was broken It's the family's fault. They could've easily walked on the sidewalk but they decided to walk in the BIKE lane. Honestly i feel really bad about the girl, hopefully she recovers quickly but the cyclist wasn't at fault at all if anything the mothers should be blamed, if pedestrians want to walk there's a sidewalk, leave the cyclist lane for the bycicles, rollerblades etc. That's why when i see  cyclists outside the bikelane i broke is legs with my car. I Hope they learn😋 Poor brother? Poor little girl??? It’s there fault for not paying attention Three words for average cyclists whelly silly sissys Oh and when i see cyclists on the sidewalk i pounch then. So relaxing and funny. Im think im gonna make some movies That's why when i see cyclists out of bike Lane i hit then with my car. I feel bad for the kids and all but it their fault because they were in a bike lane I really don't care about the girl because it's the parents fault In my old house there was a busy main road, I would always keep to the walking lane as the bike lane was nearer the road and a lot of cyclists came down the lane. I was on my bike once with friends going to a small shop when there was a pedestrian walking on the bike lane, glued to their phone. My friend rang their horn, since they didn’t have a bell, and the man walking jumped. It’s what he gets for walKing on the bike lane! OK so I don't how stuff happens when you break your leg and I am questioning why the little girl standing up when she supposedly broke her leg? When there are people, we slow down.
Just like we ask of cars to do with bikes.
Safety first even if they are at fault by walking where they should not be. this is dumb. it was the kid & parents own fault, & then getting angry at the cyclist over it? if you are walking in a bike lane you're doing it at your own risk, you shouldn't expect cyclists to be able to avoid everyone I do not care thise dumb people need to look out it is not a place to walk That scream... Hmmm Imagine this. I ran a red light and gets hit by a car. I blame the driver for driving recklessly causing him to get his license probably suspended and  a fine. At the end of the day I’m the pedestrian, I get hurt more, it’s the Drivers fault. Exactly what’s going on smh 🤦‍♂️ first cars took away roads now nikes take ewen more space soon we wil lhave 0 room to walk why do stupid cunts ride so fast that they canot brake But its good for me, i like this entertainment. My brother hit a pedestrian when he was a kid. He went on and off the road to try and avoid this one person but the person kept moving in front of him and when it got to the last minute he hit him. The person was doing it on purpose but I've seen it where people don't move for cyclists ring their bells or yelling to move and when the cyclist goes out the way the people panic and move in front of them. I blame the bike lane. There was no dividing line, only really spaced out bike symbols. The moral of the story is that the city should put a bold line running down the middle of the sidewalk. I swear dramatic people pisses me off Why is this funny? Dude, I’m sorry that your kid got injured, but you’re walking on THE CLEARLY LABELED bike path “ oh how could you do such a thing” 
The biker was probably expecting you to move, because he/she had the right of way. I saw more cyclists riding in the pedestrian lane than pedestrians walking in the cyclists lane. Get a fucking life, jerk. The woman on the bike must have been traumatised from running a little girl over and it doesn't help when the mum shouts at her saying how could you do such a think like it was on purpose. Hope the bike is ok 😂😂😂😂 And its also the mothers fault because she not teaching her child Thats what they get,if they said lane for bike bikes only not for people because there are tendency people get hit from the bike                  
                      -MORALL LESSON =FOLLOW THE RULES 😆😆😆😌😏😏 That little girl is fine. She’s historically crying like she’s going to die. Get off the fucking bike lane. I wouldn’t even be sorry. She wasn’t hurt she was just scratched up omg, I swear foreign people take a scratch as a gaping wound. I be watchin Korean dramas and people go to the hospital if they are dizzy, or even have a cold. Like leave the hospital for people who need it So cars have trouble with cyclists, cyclists have problems with pedestrians , Thanks to that retarded bitch (the mother) that poor girl has a broken leg. Did the bike survive? You fucking hypocrite. I just looked at your channel because I KNEW  there would be a video of you cycling where you're not supposed to. And sure enough, NYC biking, in that video you do the following: 

 - Cycle on the PEDESTRIANS ONLY lane
 - Zip by pedestrians, bikes and carriages VERY close and dangerously
 - Blow past every single red light you found. Lmao you should have gone all or nothing and cemented bicycle lane in their minds forever. She was already immobilised, clean kill. Why cant these people just move? Well tge girl is overreacting butt It’s because of the dumb mom Teaches them to pay attention the hard way. It doesn't seem at all obvious that this path is reserved for bikes. to be fair. french people are idiots. most of them How could you do such a thing😂 what she got hit by a bike going like 4mph the kid wasn't hit by a bus And then there’s a lady on roller skates.. Poor cyclist.. Stupid people, making wrong things, poor kid... that women dont deserves to be mother, and that bitch still put the fault on other people Omg she broke her leg!!!!!!???? Im sorry for the girl and I'm also sorry for the young woman who hit her. But dont walk on bikeline! I can see the girls leg bending in two ways Fuck cyclists man What was the cyclist saying to the mother? Pls tell me the bike is ok Stfu. I saw a guy almost get hit by a  bike rider because the bike rider couldn’t wait for the light to turn green. What’s the rush can’t you just slow down a bit move around them and go on your merry way? Eh. Is the bike and driver okay? I hate it when people walk in bike lanes especially when cars ride in bike lanes That's why you don't walk on a bike path MAYBE THEY SOULD NOT BE ON THE BIKE LANE PEOPLE ARE SO DUMB THESE DAY S """"How could you do this???"""". How could you think you could be safe in the BICYCLE LANE THAT IS ACTIVE The brother is so sweet Not feeling  sorry for the parents  or the kid. You should Not go there so it is your fucking fault so don't Talk to the poor women like this.  The Kids are old enough to know where they can and cant go. This is like people walking at the streets but complains if annyone honks on them or run them over So the  child gets hurt in the cycle Lane not nice 😢  comments say she shudnt be there . So y in the clipp are cyclists in the lane for the pedestrians????? One rule for thee and one rule for us  not!!!!!! Maybe those bike paths should have more signage saying """"NO PEDESTRIANS"""" as most of the path is unmarked and it looks like a jogging/walking path away from he busy street. in Europe cycles lanes are drawn in red, but i am sure there must be much more """"bicycle"""" signs drawn on the road, i see large part where no one could see for whom is it, pedestrians or cylces, or even cars...you have passed some 200-250 meters with just one sign at the beginning (my first car accident was in Montreal too, by a canadian citizen...driving culture !?) Osef bordel de merde 2 millions de vues pour une morale à la con I hope the bike didn't get hurt So there's clearly a sidewalk for pedestrians on the other side of the hedge Why would she be getting mad at the biker when there the ones walking on a bike lane? Other types of french, nothing to fo with real ones. As those in UK vs USA or Australia 😂 fk them all They had it coming Nice Dramatic reaction, stupid family, it's only a broken leg, no need for the tears and whining like she's about to die, you're meant to keep kids calm in situations like that, freaking out just scares them, that girl probably thought she was going to die with how the family was acting thus making her cry even more. Learn the hard way 😂😂😂 Subbed Moral of the story, if it was a MAN hitting the pedestrian. She would charge him with sexual assault or probably rape. Good ole Quebecastan People are idiots Karma bitch I feel bad for kid like it’s a shame but you shouldn’t be walking on a cycle path anyway isn’t that what cycle paths are for BIKES Stupid parents Bad parenting Voilà encore une daronne à la con , une piste cyclable c'est pas pour les piétons , sa gamine s'en rappelera. stupid idiots the poor woman on the bike shouldn't have been apologising after all they were WALKING in the BIKE Lane I can't see the wound.i think it's just cuts and Bruce.sorry for bad spelling deserved it Now stfu and pay the bills to repair the bike Stupid people O O F It is not the cyclist's  fault that the little girl got hit again it is not the cyclists fault That's the little ones fault for being on the side for bikes, she deserved it. Honestly, my opinion Hey let me just walk in a dangerous place and then get mad at the guy who hit me The moral of the story ? People are ignorant and selfish beings who dont give a shit until someone gets hurt and then its everybody's  elses fault except their own. Just like the parents of this little boy who was walking on the bike path where they shouldn't been walking . I don’t like little kids or bike riders so idk who to be mad at here it is there it's their fault because they're just walking on there and they know like bruh People.Are.Idiots. The bike path doesn't seem very well marked, only at the start and finish. Even in Australia (not a very cycle conscious place) bike lanes have white lines down the middle, broken for straight stretches and unbroken for bends. there’s these things called sideWALKS. stay off the bike paths ffs. So what did the cops do? Did they arrest anyone or did they get onto the people for walkin in a bike lane? Poor girl... 100% mother's fault. Stupid parents Well, at least they won't walk on the bike paths again. My bike cost more than your rent Is not the kid's fault, is their parents, why everyone is wishing bad things to the little girl. Stop! Well it's the parents fault and it's only for bikers not for little humans shes not dead? sad Dont walk on the bicycle baths OR WE BREAK UR FOOKIN LEGS I felt bad but not at the same time. It’s kinda karma that lady who shouted at the cyclist and shouted """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?"""" for goodness sake WHO ASKED YOU TO WALK ON THE BIKE LANE IT'S A BICYCLE PATH FOR A REASON LADY Let you and your child Walking on lane for bicycle . Get hit ......
HoW cAn YoU dO sUcH a ThInG
Parenting 101 It's fun looking for those idiotic people who walk on bike lanes and get hit by cyclists walks on bike path and child gets hit by bike
""""HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING""""
calls police Hmmm i guess these rules were mace for a reason
Who figure ? SHAME! The fault of the parents Ok my kid just got hit I know I'll sit here instead of go to hospital for attention honestly she fucking deserved it People are idiots and they got their child hurt because of it. I hope the bike's ok :( Wow Just a little innocent girl. So sad See bicycles. And run them over. That's sad.... But it's there fault no it's there parents fault the parents are supposed to keep there children safe but this parent did was.... """"It's ok we can walk here follow me *trust me*"""" BOOM broken leg Parents should be held 100% at fault, someone call the Ministère de la Famille, looks like we have parents that can't look after the safety of their poor unfortunate child. Looks like a lack of signage or enforcement.   Waaaay to many people walking in the bike lanes. oml i saw the little girls leg and the bottom part of her shin was broken, dangling towards her right😬🤧😭 Okay I'm gonna sound like a heartless person now but I couldn't care any less.... """"how could you do such a thing"""" I get that there stopped being a clear lane point out half way through but bitch keep your family on one side then control them it's not the guys fault if you can't do such a simple fucking task keep on the pedestrian side my god

Okay little kids breaking their legs is understandable but let's be honest it's the family's fault either way I've never broken my leg but my boyfriend and my friend have they didn't react one got carried to the office saying """"carry me peasants """" and the other just said """"think I broke my leg"""" so they acted like it didn't hurt but again IDK That is so stupid It clearly says """"BIKE LANE ONLY""""!!! they are so stupid I think she did break her leg Thats so awkward 😂😂😂😂 ur just chilling there watching Poor bike Why were they walking in a bike lane??? That poor girl. She broke her leg! I hope she is in a good shape now. It’s so nice how the brother cared for her. I hope the biker wasn’t too badly injured aswell. The parents should of let their child on a bike lane. They are there for bikes to be honest. Honestly not trying to sound like a bitch but it's that little girls family that was the problem not the cyclists of they weren't walking on the bicycle path none of that would of Happened it's that simple it's the mother and fathers fault or whoever the hell was there, it's there fault not the women riding her bike Honestly I think carrying the child like that will hurt her leg even more Considering the mom is carrying it by the LEG YOU IDIOT OMG WHAT HAPPENED TO THE BIKE OMG GET IT TO THE BIKE HOSPITAL NOW!!!  IT HIT A IRRESPONSIBLE WOMAN'S CHILD She kinda deserved it,  clearly if they were blind I'd give a little more pity although they already should know but they are normal,  theyre walking on the bike paths and blaming bikers for riding on the path they SHOULD be riding on to avoid accidents, they're avoiding accidents how ever they are creating accidents It was not the cyclist fault its the family it was so stupid of them to kept walking on the bike lane!🙄 And this stupid mom carries her child when the leg bone  is broken and its moving, the  bone  could get worse!! They should have put a thing to the bone not to move until the ambulance came! such ignorant people!! 0:56 did you notice that the little girl's left leg just bent a little bit?  Or right i dunno Idk why but i felt good for the little girl because she is a dumbass that is walking on the bike lane Yeah what the hell, whoever this was should’ve hit their kid and told them not to do it U can see how her leg is bent sideways at 0:53 😩 in holland people also walk on bike lanes but if they do they look out very well or just walk next to the lane, sometimes there are some dumb people and dont look out and people on bikes will just run them over en go away without saying anything. Go and live in the Nederlands😂 The marks are far from clear, if you enter this way somewhere in the middle ... no signs at all. I mean if your that ignorant to what a """"bicyclist"""" lane is then I say its a lesson learnt Both of those legs are wheels stfu guys,that little girl is a bike Stupid moral.  The path was only marked at one end.  There are mulitple places for pedestrians to get on an off it, and no signage or warnings at all.  Don't blame people for walking on a path that looks like an ordinary path. You get what you deserve even kids gotta feel it Poor little girl I hope she was ok and her leg healed up just fine, I really wish the best of luck to her and the cyclist that was also hurt. It breaks my heart to see children in pain I can’t handle it, a lesson learned I hope I've seen a comment recently. The guy was talking about how he was riding on trails and there was just a tourist woman without a bike walking on the bike trail. So he stopped and said that there's a walking path also, few meters away. She said that by a law cyclists have to watch every pedestrian so they don't hit them and if they hit them it's their fault. He said have a nice day you stubborn cow. 
I wouldn't do that. I would probably say to her that I wish her great injury and that she is fucking dumb bitch without any common sense and wouldn't ride away until she would walk to the walking path. 
The message is that you should ride away. You should always explain it to them no matter what. Nobody cares if you gonna yell at them and say bad words, but you have to explain it so they don't do that again. Vedete che anche una bicicletta può far male? Una polizza rc ci vuole!
Deve essere obbligatoria dalle n.24 in poi! She’s mad at the cyclists,that’s what she get’s hopefully that teaches her dumbass to get her and her kids off the bike lane for her safety...ugh The parents deserved their kid to get hurt 👍 but I bet the kid don’t deserve that because they probably thought their parents were doing no wrong. Weah but thats thw result of walking in the bicycle lane....getting hit by a bicycle!!! The fault wasnt the drivers ,is tge pesidestrians fault! I get it that it's their fault they are in the bike lane but I just feel so bad!!! Hearing her cry kinda reminds me when I get hurt and it's just sad was a little girl who got hurt and broke her leg! At 0:16 there is no designated bike lane shown.    If there are people in front of you - slow down - swerve or stop. !!
The little girl did not have to get hurt if the bike rider wasn't so stupid. But I still feel bad for her but the bike That girl deserved it she was on that lane and she knew it she just wanted people to feel bad for her and to have attention im happy the kid got hit Omg this makes me a mad!! It was obviously an accident and they should really be looking out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also the brother is freaking out which is sweet but dude she didn’t die or anything, it sucks but accidents happen, and people get hurt all the time! 😬😒 Stupid ass parents Fkn hate cyclists Cyka blyats People can’t watch their own children Poor kid hope her leg gets better Ah people are saying that it is the cyclist's fault. Well people, the cyclist didn't mean to. It is as if you were a pedestrian walking on the street when there is green light for cars to move. Accidents will occur because of your irresponsibility. If a bike goes on a pedestrian lane, any accident will be caused by the biker's irresponsibility. So if pedestrians walk in the lane of cyclists, accidents are bound to happen. The cyclist may have tried to stop but kid could have been right in the path or come out of nowhere. When you don't follow the law, things are  bound to happen. Poor girl, I wish her parents were smarter. I feel bad for the kid, but it is a bikes' lane not a pedestrian lane. Accidents like this one will happen because of disrespecting the law. The girl didn't deserve it it's her parents fault: they are on the bike lane I think the kid hit the bike The woman was considered guilty ? The biker has its rights to ride on the lanes. These idiots who walk on the cyclist lane need to get some sense knocked into them """"Madame comment avez vous pu     faire ça?""""
LOL It's not her fault Disliked the video, sorry. However, I feel you should have done something rather than try and contact the police. You could have told the parents that they are in the wrong and that they had no right to react the way they did. Yes, their daughter had just gotten her leg broken, however it was their fault. Why am I not shook/scared/sad? Thank God the cops are there? Who says that....And no one got beat down? Oh! It's Canada Wow, the bike must've been damaged. I mean... It obviously was the parents fault. What's the morale of the story you ask?







STAY ON YO LANE!!!! When i saw the title
I thought a cyclist punched someone Well then don’t fucking walk where you shouldn’t Go die little girl Lol she was wearing crocks """"How could you do such a thing?"""" how could you be so stupid? Pauvre vélo... Only riders can understand this Why is the brother crying like seriously 😔 I am always very respectful to cyclists although I rarely get any respect in return because of this I am one of their biggest critics but no blame to the cyclist in this case The moral of the story is get the f@!k off the bike paths There fault Lesson. Do not walk on bike lanes... especially in the Netherlands The bike rider was just trying to do a jump over the girl but the girl refused to lie down so the bike rider bashed her and broke her leg. I feel so sorry for the woman who was riding the bike. Those people yelling at her when it wasn't her fault. """"How could you do such a thing?""""

Saying it to herself. Boo hoo for that little girl is that parents fault too Dont Walk on the bike line idiots U feel bad for her but I mean thats what they get for walking there...suppost they know! Unless they are blind.. stupid ppl walking on bike paths basically Stupid brainless people sia,, who ask them to walk at the bicycle lane!! Got a goddamn walkway for people..idiott I feel like they should make a law that pedestrians can't WAlK in the bike lane
But that wouldn't make sense It wasn't the cyclist's fault The cyclist wanst hes fault doe, like you said the pedestrian get theyreselves in Danger Watch them try to sue the biker then they end up getting fined lol

Btw is the little girl okay in the end after breaking her leg? “How could you do such a thing?!” How could you walk on a bike lane, jackass.. I DID NOT REALIZE SHE BROKE HER LEG POOR GIRL! But yes when she said how could you do that girl your the one letting her walk in the bbycicle lane! Bike lane..... hmm guess that’s a human lane to them. And you could tell that lady that hit her was very apologetic I feel bad for the kid, but you get what you deserve, it was the parents’ fault. It’s like walking in the middle of the street and expecting not to get hit. That’s the bike lane, not a pedestrian lane Why did i find this satisfiying? It should be illegal to walk in bike lanes, problem solved Why the hell wouldn’t the mom be more careful!? They also should mark down the whole lane, it’s pedestrians and bicyclists everywhere There your lesson of your life stay out of her God damn bike line I just feel bad in general. That cyclist now has that weight on her, and the poor little girl is in pain and didn’t know any better. It’s the mom that is in the wrong. Always make sure ur child is aware of their surroundings and following proper directions. Then she has the nerve to yell at the cyclist. She needs to get her act together. I hope everyone in that situation is happy and healthy now """"how could you do such a thing?!"""" 
I mean I feel bad but it was kinda the parents fault because they're walking on the path where people use bikes and stuff sooo. LESSON LEARNED Eh, a little girl got hurt cause she was in the bike lane. Her fault and her parents for not pulling her out What is the police going to do Call an abulance I mean I feel bad for the kid but it was their fault sooo Well sucks for her that just what reality is called get used to it kid...😑 Parents are at fault here, they should deter their children from walking on the designated bicycle lane. Surely they should’ve seen the cyclist coming and pulled their child away. Oh well done dumb people r u blind Man, these people are French I get that they don’t understand but there are pictures and they should know that cyclists are on that path. I mean I feel bad for the kid but it’s not the cyclists fault because they are in their lane and their family wasn’t. Its actually the parents fault for letting her be on the outside and why are they even WALKING ON THE DAMN MIDDLE OF THE ROAD TO! My gosh Why am i laughing? 😂 It’s the families fault they decided to walk there the little girl didn’t know. I would have said 
ITS A FUCKING BICYCLE LANE EITHER YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO READ OR YOU’RE JUST RETARDED! It’s not the cyclist’s fault. So the bitch that shouted at the cyclist should shut the fuck up. You wanna walk in the bicycle path you deserve what you get. And I don’t give a shit if it’s a child. 0:56 you can see how her leg is bent It's their fault they are the ones who walked on the bike lane, Well get the fuck out of the bike lane... New age parenting at it's finest - 'My kid did something stupid and got hurt - fuck you its someone else's fault!' I would’ve broke her hip too if they were in my lane I’d be going quick Wow.


“HOW COULD YOU SO SUCH A THING?!”

Lady, what are cycling lanes for?

CYCLING. How could that person do such a thing? How could a biker use a bike path, right! Serves the girl right. I feel bad for the little girl getting hurt but it wasnt the Bicyclist fault the people who were in the way they shouldnt be walking there if they know its dangerous Its fking annoying. These oblivious people. I want to ride 2x as fast when I pass them just so when they dont watch out they get hit because of their own ignorance its not the cyclist's, nor the child's, fault. This is down to poor town planning. People are so ignorant first of all, it’s that girls parents fault for being so braindead to let her little girl walk in the bike lane the worst kind of people is the People on roller blades such asswipes hell nah I would have said your fault not mine be a better parent next time Walks on bike lane gets hit by bike, walks on railroad tracks gets hit by train, goes to jail gets hit by train. 🙄 Parents broke their kids leg. This is horrible city engineering there are few signs saying it is a bike only path from the other intersections. The city needs to fix this as pedestrians will aways walk in these paths since you are further away from cars. They need to paint lines showing it is a roadway for bikes and people will stay off it. having a dedicated lane doesn't mean you can drive like an asshole, you still have to watch out. Can't drive over a kid on the street and then sayin 'yo what is he doin on the street anyways, it's for cars!' I’m a biker but we need to be very careful not to hit anyone we don’t own the roads While I do feel bad for the girl, the pedestrians shouldn't be on cycle paths. I have similar problems in my city in England. We don't have many cycle paths here, so cyclists are pushed onto the roads, which is okay until you reach the city centre where pedestrians also use the roads. Then, you have kids that don't move out the way, pushing you onto the pathment or into other pedestrians. I feel cyclists are kind of a grey area in most cities, somewhere between cars and pedestrians, but apparently even when the city gives the cyclists their own paths, pedestrians still feel entitled to walk there. Stupid family This cycle way is POORLY marked. Half the time pedestrians are hit due to poor signage, the other half due to ignorance. A little girl can't be blamed for ignorance. Fortunately some governments make more EFFORT to mark more CLEARLY cycle ways:  https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1280&bih=536&ei=LhIVW8_bLcGX0gSlhY-oCA&q=cycle+way+nz&oq=cycle+way+nz&gs_l=img.3..0i30k1l3j0i5i10i30k1j0i8i30k1l6.982.2903.0.3109.13.9.0.0.0.0.493.1161.2-1j1j1.3.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..10.3.1158.0..0.0.XK7K7xt2yGQ """"Unfortunately the city [officials] doesn't really care for pedestrians walking on bike paths"""". Mhm, where are the signs???? Nearest one is like 300m away, big gap between signage on this path. Hopefully this incident has prompted city officials to put up more signage and road markings. Cause clearly pedestrians don't know it's a cycle way, some not by ignorance, but by the fact there's poor signage and road markings are close to no existence. And the foliage doesn't count as road markings really. This is what a cycle lane in NZ looks like: https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1280&bih=536&ei=LhIVW8_bLcGX0gSlhY-oCA&q=cycle+way+nz&oq=cycle+way+nz&gs_l=img.3..0i30k1l3j0i5i10i30k1j0i8i30k1l6.982.2903.0.3109.13.9.0.0.0.0.493.1161.2-1j1j1.3.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..10.3.1158.0..0.0.XK7K7xt2yGQ It's amazing how ignorant cyclists can be from the responses. The girl is clearly too young to know. The cycle path is NOT well marked, the city really needs to improve their signage. It looks like a footpath. Yet I'm reading comments 'is the bike ok'. They don't care less about the little girl. It's a not-well marked cycle path/lane/way, NOT a freak'in MOTERWAY. Drive more carefully and slower. Don't drive at the maximum speed limit if the conditions indicate it's not safe too. Moral of the story: drive more slower and carefully. Drive to the conditions. And to the city, I'm shocked at how poorly this cycle way is marked. We can't expect a little girl to go hunting to the nearest sign pole 200m away! Under NZ/Australia Law, the driver can be charged with Dangerous Driving if they hit a pedestrian. The cycle path is not well signed. It absolutely looks like a normal footpath. Don't you guys have any sympathy for the poor little girl?! Obviously some cyclists don't know how to drive to the conditions. Duh, they should be driving more slower and carefully, scanning 12 seconds ahead. But they hit a little girl and they think they've done no wrong.... Cycle lanes in NZ have green coloured marked paths which don't look like footpaths. Not have like a 200m gap between signs on a path that looks like a footpath. Stupid cyclist. They expect a little girl, a minor, get hurt cause they don't know how to drive to the conditions?! How is the young inexperienced girl suppose to have the experience. The cycle way looks absolutely like a normal footpath. We have far better marked and signed cycle ways in NZ. Cyclists have a legal obligation to drive safely! They are meant to scan 12 seconds ahead and reduce their speed especially when driving near pedestrians. It's the pedestrians who will win in court (Australia/NZ). And the cycle path is not marked well enough. The bike path isn't really marked well (signs and road markings throughout). In several countries, it's the drivers fault in court regardless if the pedestrian is at fault. Just like if a car hits a pedestrian. If the pedestrian was at fault, the driver can be charged with """"dangerous driving"""". No child deserves that but I just wish it broke the mums leg instead. Stupid pedestrians walking in the bike lane, what do they expect? She deserves it Idiot family Mom: How could you do such an thing?
Me: BITCH IS U BLIND
Cyclist that hit girl: Lady u dumb as fuk gasps noooo poor thing is the bike ok She was in the bike lane she deserved it Poor child, she has such stupid parents. I laughed so hard """"How could you do such a thing?""""

It's the bike path you fucking idiot. It's simple. Just don't walk on it. My  French fries fell while watching this. I'm sad now 😢😢😭 I think they deserved it, being dutch I know a lot about pedestrians getting in the way when I'm cycling It’s time all cyclists are made pay insurance, then they might respect other users of paths and roads.
And they should also be subject to the full weight of the law. MOVE BITCH """"how could you do such a thing"""" well how could you walk in bike lane it's just how cyclist shouldn't ride on the road where cars are driving This just shows that you gotta follow the fucking rules GOOD SHIT ! .POOR KID , STUPID PARENT. """"Hey kids lets walk on the bike lane""""
gets hit
""""uuuuaaaIEIEEEJDHXJSKEIDJEJEJFJDJEJDIEIEEEEEEEEEEERRRREEEEEEEEE"""" 1:03 😂 You fucking idiots its not cyclist fault! If you dont want brake your fucking bones! Then watch out bikers! Didnt shes mom tell her """"watch out those bikers, they have own line and we walkers have own"""" ʜᴀʜᴀʜᴀʜᴀʜᴀ sᴏ ғᴜɴɴʏ xᴅᴅᴅ 😂😂😂😂😂 It happen to me once I hit her leg because while I was Cycling fast she suddenly switch lanes and come to my lane b4 I could even brake before I know it I hit her I then proceed to say sorry to her then she scolded me and she started crying like the little girl then I felt bad so I said sorry again and proceed to my bike as i cycle away,she screamed at me saying ‘’dumb boy’ Darwinism in action. Here in the Netherlands you will be overrun by the amount of cyclist if you dare to walk over it. Also people will just push you of it like the police. I am willingly to sacrifice my freedom to run over that woman Jesus Christ what a terrible and dumb mother. All these idiots and the planet. WTF or
Worm 
To 
Fart I agree with myself .. some people are inferior not important useless . Pedestrians were in the wrong (parents fault not girls) but i still would have beat the shit out of the cyclist if it was my sister. Its like walking on the road, get hit by a car and claiming its their fault If my sister broke her leg, I would just stand there tbh. That brother must really care for his sis I hope the little girl is ok, but I mean why would you let her walk in a bike path?? If you feel sorry for the child and you should, but it's the parents conceit and arrogance for walking with their children where they should NOT be ! Not the cyclist fault. Lmao How do you know what it said at 0:41 The moral of the story is pedestrians and cyclists don’t mix. 
If you’re on a bike regardless if it’s a designated cycle path you still have a duty of care, so don’t ride like a moron pretending there is no people around until you hit them and cause serious injury. 

Bikes should be confined to the roads, that’s where the designated cycle paths should be, not next to pedestrians, any fool should know this. It’s an accident waiting to happen. “How could you do such a thing!” Bitch why would you walk on the bike bath bc that’s what happens. There’s literally a sidewalk right next to the fucking bike path. Some people are just really dense The struggle is real... casse toi putain la mere était un putain de conne. Pourquoi vous marchez sur le chemin de la bicyclette. Ta gueule Everyone is talking about fault.  Whis is in fault and who is not.

Hereis a practical solution, why not ride in speed that is is accordance to your surroundings?  When people are around, you simply slow down.  You ride does not always need to be a """"Tour De France"""".

In my country, drivers are expected to drive slower when approaching a shopping strip, schools etc. because children can move differently and quickly despite the parent's alertness.

This method is that the stronger is helping the weaker ergo why were are different than to animals. Who hit her I mean it was but wasn't her fault... The mother should have been looking and tell her to move when they see a bicycle she was in the way and I know it's hard seeing your child get hit by something but also probably in the bicycle lane so she can't really get mad she was like how could you do such a thing and I was like she was kind of in the bicycle and probably so... so , when bicyclists break all kind of rules and create a hazard on the road, am I  in my right to hit him/her/them with my car ? is that the moral  - do not ride a bike in front of my car ? OMG!!!!!  This is so sad!  People don't know how to not walk on THE FUCKING SIDEWALK. her parents deserved it fucking retarded shittyfluted parents i fucking hate kids Who cares.... It's Quebec.... Can't fix stupid when its part of their being. If they are walking on cycle path slow down watch for them ... imagine when person walks on road and get hit by car and drivers says hey its not my fault that person was walking on the road .. The moral is that people will be idiots and expect everyone else to watch out for their safety. Bikers will expect walkers to move and walkers will expect bikers to not hit them. kids don t take drugs and walk in bicycles paths 
and use the magic words :please,thank you, step off bitch! Oh for fuck sake, just read THE FUCKING SIGNS It’s not the cyclists fault. It’s the girls parents fault. They wanted to walk of the bicycle lane. Serves them right for being blind There is something called a pedestrian lane... such idiots your problem if you dont walk on citizens lane Ho it is at Montréal or Quebec Well genius. Maybe don't walk on bike paths when there's sidewalks Dumbass parents And the mom think that the woman with the bike was wrong...she's wrong!! Why is she walking there?? What shitty parents to blame the cyclist and not them self she wasn’t on fault. Damn I feel bad for that little boy, I really do :/ I watched in slow mo, the girl only cried for attention, he collapsed only when the stranger biker got close and she felt her mothers arms behind, so it was safe for her to fallback.

When you get hit hard, you would not stand, not especially when you are a little girl.

She will be an attention whore for sure Hey, this little girl just got hit... 



better get her in the air and toss it around Thing is 75% of cyclist think that the bike path isnt gpod enough for them so they go on the street. And when they go on the street they dont respect signalisations ( stops, red lights ).  And then when they get hit by a car because their not safe ,its the car drivers fault . Im a cyclist in mtl .and i got hit by a cyclist burning a stop while i was croasing an intersection in lachine while WALKING . I think that cyclist should be more carefull and expect to ride slower when its crowdy on the bike path Karma. In India random people would have beaten that cylist to pulp without caring about the girl being hit actually. drink some milk and you will be able to stand a crash like that without breaking any bones... Too bad it wasnt the mother that got hit, people like that should feel the pain. 
Gtfo our bike lane when walking,
are you that stupid or just a huge ego? GET OUT OF THE GODDAMN BIKE LANE AND THAT SHIT WOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED!!!!! So if I hit a cyclist while driving then its their fault... that's logical! How about no matter where we are and what's going on we watch what we are doing I am sorry she got hurt but as you see at 0:42 they said how could you do such a thing (it said so such a thing but i thing they made a mistake) And she shouldnt have said it cause they shouldnt have been there in the first place . If I'm on a bike path and I hit a pedestrian I feel no guilt I guess that cyclist learnt what drivers feel like when they deal with cyclists on the road... If you walk on a fucking place that is ONNNNNLYYYYYYYYY FOOOR BICYCLES THEN WHAT THE HELL DO YOU EXPECT?
When will you fucking humans not be stupid cunts you dickheads.
Hope the girl's okay though. she dead yet? Aw, I thought you were gunna hit someone. 








DISSAPOINTEEEEEEED! DONT walk ln Bike Lanes. Look at her leg, its broken. IF YOU DONT walk on Bike Lanes, you'll not get hurt. MAIS COMMENT VOUS AVEZ PU FAIRE ÇA ???? Lmao totally deserved, fcking annoying chindren. DON'T WALK ON A BIKE TRACK THEN How tf did she break her leg... Little bitch Children are fucking stupid in fact ALL HUMANS ARE DUMB Be careful when you are biking I am being honest I have almost Goten hit by a car once putting me and the driver in danger so be careful and watch where you are going This is why I ride a longboard I can go in both lanes because I can dodge them all and go the same speed aah well, guess its back to jogging down the airport runway then. Is the bike okay? Share the road,  it is for all. I think the brother cried more than the girl NO OFFENCE but I didn’t feel bad for the girl because it was kinda her and her parents fault to just let her on a path specifically FOR BIKES ONLY🙄🙄 Oh man, I wasn’t ready for it to be a little girl. I was expecting some arrogant adult who deserved it. That’s enough internet for me today. """"People are stupid!"""" Her own fault. Les crisse de tourist. Fcn tourists walking in the bike path """"how could yoy have done this?"""" The girl obviously didn't do on purpose. I like how she screams: How could you do such thing?! If you walked in the sidewalk nothing would have happened. It's your fault. is parent fault, idiot get it right is cyclist lane. Nice i hope the girl and parents die I love it when bicyclists get run over by trucks. Is the pedestrian fault, that land is for Bike and not for people Like I don’t blame the guy hitting her if anything the girls deserve it I’m a cyclist myself and u do not believe how annoying for people walking in bike lane It is the fault of the police  not to empeach walkers on bike paths What the fuck are the cops gonna do ? Clearly the footpath isnt marked where she was hit you fuck head! not the bikers falt Poor little girl, hope her mother learned not to walk on bike paths. Is the bike ok With all respect but i think bike Lanes are better with walking pedestrians. But Cyclists should slow down. If they go full speed there will not be broken legs. It will be worse. The irony of shit head cyclist bitching about people in their space STOP IT AT 0:56 AND see a clear sight of her leg The little girl deserves that, she was walking in a lane for cyclists, not for covering a line bush to bush WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU GUYS!?








how did you not try to help that bike for god sakes a girl ram into it Well maybe you should watch your fucking kid and stay in the walking lane you ungrateful swines. Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way. Get out bike scum what goes around comes around...People walk on bike paths instead of walking in sidewalks and cyclists get upset yet cyclists ride on the road instead of bike paths maybe 3-4 riders wide not caring how many cars they slow down.  So stop complaining. They shouldn't have walked there she deserved it Its the girls fault the biker did nothing Walk it off, you're fine. It is being used as a shard  space regardless of the signage  ......how about everyone slow down and enjoy the outside without running little kids down WHAT HAPPENED TO SHARE  THE ROAD / PATH ?  HUH BIKERS ?   NOT SO GUN HO ABOUT IT WHEN ITS YOU GUYS THAT HAVE TO BE EXTRA EXTRA CAREFUL HUH ?   LIKE CAR DRIVERS HAVE TO BE WITH YOU ?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Maybe if people weren’t stupid this wouldn’t happen Lamo they Could've walk the other side where all the other people are..instead they walked into the bicycle Lane..its like they're asking to get run over or some shit 😕😑 Yay... She broke her leg I thought there was going to be some humor in this. I was wrong Hit an old guy once I had time to brake and slow down enough I didn't cause the old guy any injuries bloody shit myself though. The little girl needs a bit of hit anyway to toughen her up Moral of story, the path is clearly for pedestrians also, so stop riding like your Lance Armstrong & stop acting like the path is your private Tour De France. So cyclists can ride on the road instead of the bike lanes but pedestrians can't walk on bike lanes ? Da heck. I Did Not See It Moral of the story keep uploading videos and hopefully one will get 2 million views like this one 😂 Stupid parents. Retarted girl 100% """"How could you do such a thing""""

Ohhhhh that got my fucking blood boiling. Some parents need to learn to take some responsibility for their fuckups. Moral of the story: Most cyclists think the world revolves around them. A dumbass walks infront of your car and its still your fault. Now cyclists know how drivers feel on the road. Its a shit show for everyone. Stupid parents should know better ! To be fair, it is not even remotely clear that it is a bicycle lane. Why you need to drive so fast if there are that many people around ? Looks like your looking for trouble or is is a race track ? stupid parents ...100% guilty Thats just poor infrastructure... if youre gonna have a bike lane beside a pedestrian lane, make the entire route lined in the middle with a bike symbol on one side.. U know what I do to cyclist in cali? I either open my door on them or run them over Leg is obviously broken... picks her up by her legs and back What do you expect when you bring your family along on a bike path? Not a mangle of rubber and metal coming at you faster than you of course! Whilst yes, they maybe shouldn’t have been on that side, since it’s a shared path you obnoxious fucking bike riders with your damn lycra should be more safe and just be patient for a second and ride slower. Essentially the same idea as school zones. Fucking bike riders Horse Shit.... That Dude Knew There Were People Walking On The Path. You Clearly Stated In The Beginning Of The Video That There Is Always People On The Path And The City Does Nothing About It. This Is A Simple Case Of A Man Who Has No Business Riding A Bike. Take Your Video And Your Spandex And Shove Them Up Your Yuppie Ass...Go Out And Buy Yourself A Truck And Quit Being A Little Bitch....  I Am Going To Pre Reply To All The Replys On This Comment... Ready... Fuck You. Moral of the story is bicyclist are assholes.  That's a bike AND pedestrian lane, not just for bikes.  That bike and arrow on the ground is just reminding bicyclist and walkers which direction to go in that lane I would drive my van in the bike lane and tell them to share the road! Frickin Fricks! Retarded pedestrians They need to ticket anyone walking in a bike lane. I’m glad she got hit The kid probably ran out in front of the bike without looking. They tend to do that a lot. Hey I feel bad for the kid but it's the parents fault, it is like getting mad at someone for running you over when you were crossing the freeway when the walking light is at stop. reply if you agree!
Edit 2: DAYUM ALOMST 2K LIKES Yo fuck those people Wtg mom, you may as well have broken your little girl's leg yourself.  Dumbass. Lmao that 10 year old women or so crying like a baby, DONT WALK IN THE FUCKING BIKE LANE THEN. what's the moral of the story ?   YOUR A TWO FACED FUCKTARDED LITTLE PEE PEE BOY PUNK PIECE OF FUCKING SHIT......    I HOPE YOU REALIZE YOUR NOTHING BUT FUCKING HUMAN TRASH YOU WORTHLESS PUNKBITCH ! It's not the little girl's fault. It was the parents fault for taking her to the bike lane. Thats what i think about bikes on roads with cars lol The parent's should be blamed. Yes, even when pedestrians don't have the right of way, cars and bicycles have to slow down, but it's kind of hard to stop in time when you are riding fast in a BICYCYLE lane. The parents should have been watching, holding the kid or something. It wasn't a sidewalk. The mother had no right to say, how could you do that? It was an accident and the parent's insurance should have to pay. An innocent child shouldn't be hurt for a parent's stupidity. Exactly. No-one to blame but the girl's mother. They should know better! I handle things like this ALLLLLL the time, I'm a mountain biker but every once in a while I ride my bike down to an ice cream shop. People don't get out of the way, and it's hard to move around them.
JUST GET OUT OF THE WAY AND IT'LL BE OKAY! When I’m reading all the comments I get really angry. I understand that people get angry when other people walk on bike ways and I also think it’s really stupid to do so. All the comments is about sending hate to the mom and the child, seriously is this we’re the world is going? As I’ve already said I also think it’s stupid to walk on the bike ways but it’s NEVER OK to hurt somebody for doing that for an example. Especially not when it’s a child. For an example If someone walks over the road not via the pedestrian crossing it’s absolutely NOT ok to drive him or her over just for that. Sadly I’m seeing so many people starting to think like that and that is a really bad thing. We are all humans and humans make mistakes, just like you and you and even you. In this case it seemed to have been a accident but I just wanted to point this out. Please think twice before you say or write anything. It's the cars fault, they were distracting the cyclist. Oh bullshit she is fine. Most important thing is that the bike will be rushed to hospital Cyclists should die. Don't even feel bad The only thing i see thats shitty here is that the Mom and her family didn't learn a damn thing will prolly continue to obstruct the bike path. Wasted Not a huge fan of cyclists but that’s obviously a place for cyclists to ride.  That was the parents fault for putting her kid in that situation I hope that lil girls mom learned her lesson. When the girl screamed at the lady the mom said: """"no she didn't do it"""" or something like """"she didn't mean to do it"""" implying  that they knew they were strongly in the wrong here from 1-walking there 2-the little girl reckless behaviour of jumping around everywhere... Their fault y blame the biker .they need to learn to read Its the same everywhere. Its clear at the start, but there is nothing on the ground where the girl is hit, its just one color street, wheres the lines ? It should be standard to paint the road green or red wheres only bikes allowed.

I know they are not supposed to walk there, but yet, you know they do.. if it would be cars on a road where you know alot of people walk, even if they are not allowed to do so... you would have to slow down. bikes...never do. Just like when you are in a car you need to be aware all the time on the surroundings. 

Anyway, its bad parenting to stand and scream at a shocked lady that was riding on a bike lane.  


point is...paint it in a color everyone will see... not just a sign in the beginning and one in the end. Not his fault they were walking in the bike lane lol Isn't a cyclist technically a pedestrian? A cyclist also isn't in a motorized vehicle so I don't really know. Yeh just film it dont try and help or anything u fuckin tit """"Madame, comment avez-vous pu faire ça ?"""" How could you let your little girl walk in a bicycle lane? It's your fault you fucking cretin, it's a bike lane. You caused your daughter and a bicyclist as well as her bike damage. Great job! Evidently, as time goes on, humans are becoming far more stupid than they were 30 years ago. Is the bike ok? They should aim for the parents that make the decision It’s happened on the bike lane so the girl was definitely at fault and should pay compensation to the cyclist. Even if she got hurt more than just a broken leg, she would still be at fault anyway. Piste cyclable, point. That whole lane was just for cycles and no pedestrians?
If thats the case then they shouldnt be walking on it. Perhaps they didn't know it was a cycle lane because there is only markings at the beginning of the video.  Where the accident happened there is no visible division.  Also, if it's cyclists one side and pedestrians the other, then why are there lots of cyclists on the other side.  If you're riding a bike and manage to hit a group of 6 people then I can't help feel you weren't riding safely. That was so sad. And also where you were there was nothing to differentiate that there was a bike path so.... If it were me:

Mother: “How could you do such a thi—“

Me: “Shut up. Just shut up. If you knew how to read a sign that says ‘bikes only,’ then maybe your little girl right here would not have had her leg broken. Now shut up, and just realize that you shouldn’t walk on these trails.” Of course she hit a stupid little kid and not one of the adults. Kids don’t really know how to watch out and they wander. Her parents should know this. This whole thing was completely her parents fault. They went  ON A BIKE LANE WITH A CHILD and they clearly weren’t holding her hand or keeping her away from bikes. Yet she has the nerve to scream at the cyclist. So annoying 🙄 Sadly pedestrians are always right according to the law... That’s awful, but why are the cagers walking on the bike row? Hmmm, I guess they feel other cagers will not let them walk on or near regular roads. 

I bet the kids look both ways now. I hope they didn’t try to sue. Same with sidewalks when cars don't want you on the road, I've gotten so tired of it that if I see a car on the sidewalk or pill in front of me I give em a little thump as I ride by This is funny lol I got ran over by a car... Broke both tibias, screamed wayyyy louder than mariah carey can hit a high note... ;-; wow life sucks Why you want call the police for this reason? She deserves it So if I’m driving my car and you suddenly start walking on the road, I should keep driving fast and not care about running into you? Moral of the story is this: pedestrians always have right of way, especially if they are kids asshole! It’s like walking in the middle of a road with a lot of cars. And that's why you don't walk on the bike lane life lesson I saw the exact same thing happen in Norway. A guy with groceries was driving along the bike lane and made a right and a little girl was walking off the sidewalk with her family. He rode up her back and his groceries flung everywhere. The dad yelled at him but the guy only cared if the girl was ok. I don’t know why parents act like these bicyclists do this on purpose lol. At the end of the day pedestrians have the right of way annoying though that maybe this is why we should ban bicycles “How could you do this” bitch your walking in the bike lane Yeah, that's your own fault..not the bikers fault Stay out of bike lanes you fucking idiots.  Thats what she gets her parents put her im danger. Alot of u bicyclists are aholes and need to get there asses beat or knocked off the bike maybe instead of blaming people walking u should blame the town for a shit design put the bikes on the road so the bicyclists can get run over In Germany pedestrians always have priority Yeah stay off the bike back might as well play in the street and get mad at people in cars yeah what the fuck was the girl doing on the bike lane... sorry but i don't feel bad for her. Its the child fault.The kid  just go on the bike side. Poor bike :( Hopefully it made a full recovery.. Shame Haha Shame the little girl has a thoughtless bitch of a mother who wasn’t looking over he correctly, therefore it’s her fault her daughter got hurt. I'm also a cyclist..theres idiots out there..the kid's got no common sense..the person behind the brakes does. C de leur faute Walks into field of fire at a firing range and gets shot,""""How could you do such a thing!"""", Why this people it's fucking  walking in bicycle line?? That lady was so nice that was the parents fault and the lady tried to help It’s their fault that’s what they deserve I don’t give a damn It's not the cyclelist fault it's the other people's fault I hate how the woman yells “how could you?!” Is the one with a pink shirt the father??? why the fuck is he not carrying the little girl? The Moral is dont make Clicks with other People Problems  you just Watch and dont help them Karma is a bitch 😊😐😐😅 So what happened ? Where is the drama man??? Small kids don’t have enough answer for going over a way that’s why maybe the get in a accident cause they can’t handle to go over away the they just timing it bad and gets hit cycle lanes are not very clearly marked .. the footage shows a small amount of actual divide I feel so sorry for that Girl but WHY ARE YOU FUCKING WALKING THEIR I hate french people, they are sooooo dumb and they never speak english to anybody. The country is nice but the people suck ass Sure it's a bike lane but slow down if there's people dumbass Damn Baguette people..







always walking on the damn bike paths
(I was acting like a british person, I'm not legit racist) The fact is that it is YOUR fault for being a shit parent and letting your child walk on a cycle path. You are the reason your kids leg is broken, you fucking moron. I mean its what they get and then they think its the bikers fault omg Poor woman (cyclist ). She was stressed and probably in more pain then little girl. I blame the parents. They're the adults and should know better. How do we know it wasnt the cyclists fault? We did not see what happened before... Who was on the bike en who was walking? 0:57 I thought the woman would just throw the girl in the bush Fucking pedestrians blame it on the bikers Stupid parents.... the sidewalk is just over there............. why are people walking on bike lanes? there should be more signs indicating it is a bike path. ..mum adding to child’s injury by lifting her..!! Bikers everywhere in the world think to have always right. The driver of each transport vehicle must be always prudent and drive safely Even gay said this is gay It’s the girls fault God damn cyclists Cheeky Bastards never asked the lady on the bike of she was OK, scumbags You pays ya money ya takes ya choice 😄 Dumb fuckers Lmao why those fucking girls 👧are laughing 😂. 
Sorry 🙇 about that... Clearly fault of the stupid ass parents Bitch in the Netherlands you would've been dead and sworn at with cancer. Its there fault for not listening the path rule KARMA FOR SURE, THE MOTHER OF THE LITTLE GIRL NEEDS TO TEACH HER HOW TO NOT WALK ON THE BIKE PATH. man the little girl crying just annoys me like I want to slap her face so bad,  but kids cries. Not the cyclist fault tho I live in a town in London where they have added a lot of bike lanes because bikes couldn’t ride on the pavement and car drivers found it annoying that bikes where riding on the road. Ever since the bike lanes have been added pedestrians just use it as extra walking space! Outside my school we have a bike path but it’s impossible for s bike to get through because it’s packed with students I csn see that there a almost no signs for that it’s a bikelane. There are many entrances to the bikelane where you can’t see that it’s not for walking. 
I understand why people can misunderstand it These people are idiots by going in to the bike lane so I don't care about them since there brains are the same as a rock I don't know about France, but in the US this would be the cyclist's fault: pedestrians always have the right of way, slow the fuck down if you can't dodge them... Fuck They are obstacles and blind because it obviously says it’s a bicycle lane omdog! did the bike broke? Why are some french people so weird in other countries? Like a french family wanted to to picnic in a safari park and almost got eaten alife and now they get mad while they demage the bycicle. Wut Idiots walking in the bike lane Id fuckin run the rest of the family over. Pedestrians on bike lanes are the worst thing a biker can face.  Freakin bozos That’s REALLY some tea 🍵 Control your fucking kids,,, hope the perants fixed the bike and helped the rider. Well lady u should be mad at your self wtf are u doing on the bike path wtf The cyclist shouldnt take the blame. It was all pedestrians fault. little fuckin kid , biker should kill that shit It was the pedestrians fault not the cyclist Lol I totally understand, fucking little kids run on front of me when I'm riding bmx... Their parents don't do a god damn thing until the child is actually struck. YAaaAaaaa Yaaa The family is in the wrong for walking on the bike lane, when the mum said """"How could you do such a thing"""" I wanted to say to that woman that he did nothing but the woman put her child into danger so the man didn't do anything all he did was just cycle on his bike minding his own business. the thing that creeps me out most is you just standing there doing nothing, and like watching them with ur GoPro and anything, that's just creepy. I hate pedestrians and cyclists, fuck you Serves the kid right we wouldn’t have to bike on foot paths if people wouldn’t walk on bike parts Idiots.
Thanks to these idiot parents a girl got hurt and yet they are still blaming the cyclist... Perhaps if there were proper visual and physical segregation things like this would not happen quite as often. There are huge gaps in the boundry at 0:18, 0:26 and 0:32, what is there to suggest its a bike lane AND that pedestrians are prohibited?

For 90% of its length, the path looks like a shared pathway. Sorry but law says if you hit a pedestrian anywhere you take the blame, even if a kid ducks down infront of your car Somebody needs to run the mother over and break her leg, dumb bitch. Also slow down. Kids are unpredictable and parents can be foolish. Take them to the park When I saw the I thought it said president Heh 10August Is My Best Day (Birthday) And The Worst Day For A Little Girl.. Not the cyclist fault fr watch ur kids and stay in the right area can't stand in the way and expect ppl to move around you For real there flight for walking on the WRONG SIDE 😳maybe people need need to pay attention more! Lol There's a side walk and none of them are using it smh After the kid was stable, I'd chew the living daylights out of that stupid hostile mother. Jeez! Think about your child's welfare for once! I feel bad for the little girls pain caused by her parents stupidity. The woman looked terrified😭bless her and the little girl A little girl got hurt all you faggots and your worried about a bike are serious So many psychopaths in the comments acting as if little children deserve to be run over for being less then experts on traffic rules and logic. Sick people. I didn't realize so many people speak French in Montreal Calm the fuck down she broke her leg she’s not gonna die Thats what happens when you go to biycicle lanes!!!!! Why 
The heck thiers even an side walk what the use if the sidewalk if you go to bycicle lanes!!!!!!!!!! Hmmm.. very good... id love to slap that fat kid I would hit every one that is the Bike lane,until someone dies Fuck these idiots 0:41Me: THATS WHY YOU DONT WALK ON THE BIKE LANE NOOBS Try walking in the bike lanes in Dam. YOU WILL DIE. Les français ptn mais y sont trop con I've been to France everybody smells Requiescat In Pace So I think I found the problem... Other than that one spot at the very start of the video, none of the other spots where it connects back to the road/sidewalk had any kind of marking indicating it's a bike lane. Would it kill the city to paint a bike lane thing on the ground every so often, so people don't think it's part of the sidewalk? This is why there is a side walk and a bike path Don’t walk on bike paths but cyclists make yourselves clear , have a Bell and be visible I feel bad because the little girl dint know any better, it’s her parents fault for allowing her to be in the bike path All the people asking “is the bike ok?” r stupid do u think children have a choice with parents on where to walk or what to do if it was the mum then fine but the little girl did not deserve it Fuck she still alive She was wearing crocs , didn’t she deserve it ? It's just like walking ahead the street and be mad when the car hit you That’s exactly like driving on the wrong side of the road and then moaning at them because there on the right side of the toad Not sure what the law is in Canada but in my country pedestrians are allowed on bike paths if the shortest footpath would be a significant detour. That said though, seems to me like there is enough footpath outside of the bike lanes so they shouldn't be walking on the bike paths, especially if they can't move to the side due to the bushes. No hate but that little girl really deserved it Got wrecked m8 Did the cyclist get in trouble? :( The moral is Simple """" Just drive faster and use very heavy bike, to make them remember to never walk on it """" GET OUT OF THE BIKE LANE YOU MORONS! THAT'S KARMA FOR YOU Stupid woman. She should control that little girl it was her fault I blame the mother. """"how could you do something like that?"""" Fuck off ur the one letting ur child walk in the bike lane You have to be retarded to be in the cycling lane, c'mon u fkn idiot... u know what can happen there is a pathwalk right next to the bike lane are those people really that retarded nowdays The moral is that people don't need to walk on the bike lane because there are lanes for pedestrians She deserves it who walks on a bike lane they acted like she got hit by a car People are stupid and tend to get mad about it. Poor kid but still parents fault for letting kid loose on a cycle path/walkpath We gotta find a way to get rid of bikes, they are dangerous to the public I'm so glad that stupid bitch got hit. So many times have I wanted to run down idiots just walking in a clearly marked cycling lane.

To those who will reply with """"I wish I could run you down on the road"""". I drive as well, I know the rules of the roads and how to respect motor vehicles as do most of those people who this guy passed, more fool on them for not understanding something so basic. There is literally a pedestrian path on the other side, fucking mongoloids. Yeah, but is the bike okay? No, the actual moral is that you should not ride so fast on a path shared with pedestrians!
We somehow accept the pedestrian has the right of way in a cross walk, but not in a dhsred bikepath??? Erm there was no markings saying it was a bike lane at that part of the path I don't think Maybe bikers should also slow down... Kinda goes both ways considering lots of places you showed had NO clearly marked bike path (including where the girl was hit).  As  a biker, you know to  slow down when there's populated areas & ppl.  If you want to go fast without people, there's plenty of places too. I have no sad feelings for the girl she shouldn’t have been in the bike lane I want to know if the lady riding the bike is liable. I would say she isn't because it is a bike lane. But knowing people these days idk im confused, which one is the cyclist that hit the girl? Is it the man in pink? Also where is the one assuming that the cyclist is in the right when you didn't see what happened it was too far away? I thought the thing on the left was shark (on the thumbnail) I feel bad for the girl. Stupid ass people walking in bike lanes f them """"How could you do such a thing"""". Was she talking to her self for letting her kid walk on a bike lane? In the netherlands bikers dominate the road especially teens in groups who are going to school. so when you see them you better watch out and make sure you get out the way or they will destroy anything in it's path Karma That terrible little girl hit that poor bike! But at the first place why are they walking on somewhere where it’s reserved fore bikes !? Dumb ass pedestrians, get off the fucking bike lane Lmao Hope her leg didn't dent the bike Why would you not keep yourself and your child out of the bike lane? It's a fucking bike lane!!! I would've told that woman how rediculous she was for putting her child in harm's way. What the hell is wrong with the people walking on the bike lanes? Oh my gosh.. В России такая же проблема Is the bike lane alright? Natural selection. She broke her leg because her family are idiots. Guys, dont you notice her right fibula is broken?!! 0:56 check it closely. And you guys are so omg.. ugh.. that is a very bad injury What a big drama...f.idiots Ain’t the cyclist fault. This happens so often in singapore, we, as cyclists have now gotten used to it. The paved path is shared by cyclists, in-line skaters, and walkers. The maximum speed limit is 20 km/h (12 mph). Source: https://www.pc.gc.ca/en/lhn-nhs/qc/canallachine/activ/sentiers-trails/piste-path

Sounds more like cyclists are just psychopaths. 'How could you such a thing' oh how did that happen i wonder 🙄🙄 Sympathy level : 0 It's thier fault because they are walkibg in bike pedestrian Well you can't stop a Dumb. """"How could you do such a thing""""
DONT FRICKING WALK ON BICICLE LANES YOU IDIOTS ok i live in a small town in south carolina. and people or “cyclists” BIKE ON THE ROAD AND DONT GIVE A SHIT IF THERES 100009 CaRS AND WILL STILL KEEP GOING. it annoys the crap out of me and to see that they fixed the problem else where and then have people walking on WHATS THE SOLUTION of the problem pisses me off. 😒👏🏻👏🏻 I feel really sorry for her, but at the same time they shouldn’t have been walking in a bike lane... I feel bad for the family , but I also feel bad for the cyclist because people Proubly thought we was bad for hitting the girl Lady: HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING.
Me: GET YOUR CHILD OUT THE BIKE PATH suck it up... If u don't wanna get hurt, DON'T WALK IN A BIKE LANE If people could they would walk on the car lanes aswell It wasn't clearly enough a bike path. Only certain areas were marked. DO NOT WALK IN A BIKE LANE IDIOT ! They should have gone ducking farther away ring your bell you nob head 0:39 thank me later The people walking in a bike lane are just asking to get hit.  They are in the wrong. Wtf! Oh... she broke her leg... Let's PICK HER UP AND SWING IT AROUND FOR GOOD MEASURE It's really the other way around Shame on the parents! They knew that they were walking on a bike path and yet they still put their kid in danger. God, how stupid are people these days? If you're on rollerblades, can you use the bike path? Is the bike fine? They had it coming... """"how could you do such a thing"""" shut upppp Pedestrians should walk on a normal path. Use your common sense, its labeled as with a picture of a bike The brother is acting as if someone got shot WHY WERE THEY WALKING IN THE BIKERS PATH!?? THATS THEIR PROBLEM NOW AND THEY SOULD WATCH THEIR CHILDREN NOW SINCE THEY ARENT WATCHING THEIR CHILDREN ITS THE BIKERS FAULT😡😡 dumb It was the cyclists fault and the retarded child’s fault Well they really should’ve known that it’s a ‘BIKE LANE’ not a ‘PEDESTRIAN LANE’! Lol ”how can you do such a thing?” Well its easy when you walk on the bikers lane :) RIP Bike In my country walking on bike lanes without cycling/riding a bike can get u fine up to 5k. Well, I didn't saw any bicycle lane in the ground where girl got hit... Glad she broke her fucking little leg...is the bike ok? Another reason to ban cycles Idiots And Then They Blame Them For Driving Her Over People,Its A Godamn Bike Lane. Girl deserves it it’s called a consequence for doing something like putting a pencil in ur eye u will never see again Bruh stupid mother now the girl got broken legs >:/ dumb woman Poor lane :_( ‘How could you do such a thing’ what you mean like letting your kid run around in a fucking bike lane. Look after your damn kids ffs. No one even asks if the bicycle lady (the one following the rules) is okay I would say it’s was the pedestrians fault bc they weren’t even supposed to be walking there in the first place just sayin Well the parents should have some decency and move her children when people are bicycling :) Can I call it KARMA?? 
Pls WheN WilL YOu LeArN ThAT YoUr ACTioNs HaVE coNSeQUEnSeS The problem is that bycicle lane is marked only on its begining Wow, there was a footpath right beside it too.  Imagine if I decided to walk in the road when there was a sidewalk right beside it and I got hit. ima just start running them over if they are in the bike lane Cycle path or not try slowing the fuck down near pedestrians.that poor girl could have been killed.oh and yes I do ride a bike also but I keep my senses about me especially near children or old people. Typical idiotic behaviour from cyclists. If it was a car driver that hit a pedestrian on the road and stayed it was their turn to get hurt that day the. Would be sent to prison. 

Stop being so stupidly arrogant. Also how much money did all the pedestrians pay in taxes to pay for the cycle paths in the first place. 

If it was my daughter that got hurt like this the rider would also have a broken leg. Duh, i have seen ppl walking and bike where cars drive. Its so crazy. 0:00-0:07 Just stay out of the damn bike lane if you don't wanna get hit by a bike. Watch your kids and don’t let them walk on the wrong side of the bike lane! man if i was that stupid i would walk in a bike lane But what about cyclists on the road? The road is for cars! They should put a big ass sign with bicycle lane on it This is why I hate people walking on cycling lanes . The other day a woman who walked on the cycling lane said hello I am here can’t you see and I said you’re not meant to be here like dafuq I'm so confused.. What's wrong with the sidewalk where other people are walking. Why would they want to walk in the bike lane constantly have to worry about what's coming up from behind. Stupid parents fault Dude that family deserves it This is my everyday life. Pedestrians that just can’t respect cyclists or are too damn dumb to understanding signs and freaking bike markings on the ground. Yet, I get to hear a bunch of shit from pedestrians about cyclists being the problem and not following the rules. Effing hypocrites! They said how could you do such a thing yet they were in the poor ladies way they could have prevented this had they just stayed out of the BIKE LANE The mom is yelling """"How could you do such a thing"""" when YOU and YOUR family is walking in the BIKING lane! There is a whole side to the walkers! If you would have stayed in that lane, the girl wouldn't have broken her leg! Dumbass lil girl Well that's what you get... And here’s me riding on the pedestrian side... Oh my god is that bike ok? It looked like it really got hurt Its there own fucking dumb fault... Stupid family Someone should really invent brakes for bicycles. Sorry, but it's clearly cyclist's fault. At the place of the accident there is no more cycling lane there! It's a pedestrian walk that is SHARED with bicycles, where the pedestrians have priority. Slow down and overtake them gently! I'm commuter for 11 years and I respect pedestrians. Less selfishness guys. Especially with kids and pets. “how could you do such a thing” bitch was in the fucking bike lane lmfao It isn’t marked properly What is this thing that happens to people who decide two wheels are best? Bicyclists and motorcyclists are some of the angriest people on YouTube, next to the Red Pill guys. Cops? Well man you walk with your kids on bicycle lane. You are 0  of parents. Why the fuck you have to call the police, get into your business, stupid It was the little girls family’s fault,in my own opinion,and I don’t feel bad for her. It's the same everywhere, I am constantly telling people to get out of the bike paths and then they look at me like I'm in the wrong? Next, it'll be a speed limit on highways where no-one will be allowed to cross 20...just coz idiots wanna cross the road instead of using the sky bridge, and not surprisingly you amateurs will take the pedestrians side!!  
I see comments where cyclists are in the wrong just coz some idiots use their """"cycling"""" path for """"walking""""! 
& Some comments wherein the path was """"packed"""" with pedestrians which isn't true! THAT will teach the little girl that some cyclists are so arrogant to the point that they are dangerous and they don't know how to go around or slow down for people Bahahahahaha Could be worse could be like the Hollywood boardwalk in Hollywood Florida . 1,000× more crowded and they are signs on the road banners on the lights everything there is outside of Runway lights and people still stand in the middle of the bike lane taking selfies or talking to somebody. Oh man that bike doesnt look good... is it okay? dumb fucks its like walking on the road Poor little girl, paying the price for her parents being irresponsible assholes. but honestly .. watch your kids in the bike lane Shit happens Cyclists are cancer. This is how cars feel when cyclists are on the road. Poor girl :( parents should've stayed off This will teach her to be more aware of her surroundings. Lesson learned. it's the parents' fault though,,, not the little girl's. she didn't know any better. they should've gotten hit though smh she was on the fucking bike path like what does she expect Iam on your side for this .People don't take any notice of cyclists at all. In the UK we have the dumbest of the dumb.They walk across the road mobile in one hand don't look. They deserve to be hit how could u do such a thing my ass. don't walk on the lane stupid french peopel I dont feel bad for the parents but for the child U know people should just use the roads and paths properly people walking use the foot path, people cycling use the cycle lanes, cars use roads and buses use the bus lanes. Now obviously I don’t mean cars are driving up on paths I mean that people walking shouldn’t be on cycle lanes. Cyclists shouldn’t be on the foot path OR THE ROAD!! Cars shouldn’t  drive in the bus lanes and buses shouldn’t be blocking the whole road by not using the bus lanes. Everyone has a path/road to use for whatever they are using to travel so be grateful and stick to it. couldn't the cyclist slow down, even tho the pedestrians are not supposed to be in the bicycle lane, cus surely he/she didn't do that deliberately France.. “how could you do such a thing??” are you KIDDING me?!?! walking in the bike lane and complaining about getting hit is like walking in the damn highway and being pissed when you’re hit by a car. shame on those parents for not having the sense to walk on the sidewalk instead. Who can blame them asshole
 Theres no separation line and signs indicating the lane the y were on is a bike lane. 8 year old bitch deserved it I have absolutely no sympathy for the child Ugh this pissed me off. I fucking hate kids SO MUCH. I wish that lil hoe got killed, same goes with her retarded ass mother. There's a reason why you shouldn't cycle on the walk path, and this clip will tell you so. Her  own  fault. Why would you even consider to walk on a fucking bycycle lane I don't feel bad for the little girl and her family.It is their own fault if they walk there... Wish it was the parents who got hurt! That would of served them right Deserved If you don't want to give 100% tolerance to pedestrians, go on the road instead Bicycle lane = hipster vegan lane So the stupid kid got in the way Situational awareness of pedestrians = zero! I was expecting someone to actually hit a pedestrian. Kinda disappointing. The woman also shouldn't be angry at the cyclist, but at herself for walking on a bicycle lane. Why are they so upset? It was their fault Cyclists do think they own the roads, footpaths, and walkway, and ride like ahooz I blame the mother. It's all her fault. Fr taking her daughter for walking in a bike lane, making her be run over and saying it's the bikers fault. Rude! What is wrong with this mother? Still makes more sense to me than having bicycles use the road... there's a much larger mass/speed difference between a car and a bicycle than a bicycle and a pedestrian. Suck it little girl sUcK iT It’s like did the mom tell her daughter to stay close to the side ? I’ve been told to Walk on the side close it the grass on Walking Trail where bikers also ride. common since “don’t stand so much in the open or like run around on a lane where people also ride bikes and skates”  totally sucks tho women must have felt awful. 

Accidents happen the mom shouldn’t have been like “how could u do this” it’s not like the lady rid into the girl on purpose.

Also too isn’t it the mom job to keep her child in the outside like out of the way of busy lane my parents always kept me off to the side so I wouldn’t get in the way or get hurt by accident. The brothers a winey little bitch What funny is that both of them are from France. They speak with Paris accent. Not surprising to see parisians acting like that even outside of their country. How about we all share ? Bikes are going on the roads even when there’s a bike lane available. Stupid mom picked up her girl and caused even more pain and damage. The path has restricted vision due to the bushes on the sides. By your reasoning, if a cyclist is on the road when there is a bike lane next to it, its OK for me to run him over with my car. Its clearly his fault, he shouldn't be on the road. Stay on the bike lane! As I was a child, I've also been run over by a bike in Harlem. Fat bitch didn't even say sorry In holland the bike paths are red/pinkish and its easyer to see sorry for bad english I want to slap those parents right in the face! Most people grow up, get jobs and buy cars. And stop with the biker shorts you are not as fit as you think! Parents lack of responsibility blames other people..... Oh no, you mean you do stupid shit and have to reap the consequences?? What a shame!!! Absolutely zero sympathy for this little girl or her idiot parents. I'd be fucking that bike up pretty good some people are so selfish.. dont walk in the freaking bike lane It’s simple, don’t cycle on roads that are made for vehicles. The moral of the, story is that these, lanes are poorly defined and if you treat it as a cyclist only zone then you will hurt people, and possibly kill them. """"When cars hit us on the road, it's cars fault, when we hit pedestrians on cyclists tracks, it's pedestrians fault."""" The parents shouldn’t have been bringing their children on a biking path or even going on the biking path themselves And who said bike lanes are a good idea? Stupid! Bikes don't need their own paths. Typical arrogant cyclists , it may be a cycle lane that you’ve not paid to use, pedestrians maybe should not be on it but they are, and yet you are still racing along at 20/30 mph . That’s th real issue here Would you please stop always stressing that someone could get hurt? That is obvious. Until someone gets hurt there are thousands of people that get ANNOYED. Stop acting against rules, period. Even if no accident would occur in 1000 years. Walk as you are supposed to, ride as you are supposed to ride and drive your car according to the rules. That would also cut insureance costs by 90% in my humble opinion, because there are almost no accidents that are not connected to breaking the rules. shit parents Ok stay off the fucking roads then you wanker. Its not her fault its the family fault that line just for cyclist From my experience I know that pedestrians walk wherever they want acting like they own the streets consciously ignoring that laws apply for then too. Sorry, but the bike path isn't clearly marked all the way through. Now that little girl will have problems with her leg for a long time. All adults involved should have been more responsible. Cursed cyclists-ride the sidewalks, take a place for pedestrians, instead of the street, as it is in the rules ... 썸타는 잡아먹기 아트페어 텐진 StateFarm How about I decide to go walk along the rail racks and just dodge a train until one hits me then I’ll blame them for being in my way Karma is a b*tch, and so are you Hard karma It's like someone getting mad at you for hitting their kid with the car if they were on the freeway. Biker lanes should be treated with the respect for the biker. It is the BIKERS lane. Which means to exercise caution when you're walking in a lane with multiple objects traveling 10-20 mph. The next time see you riding on a non bike trail I'm going to brake your leg how does that sound and that's the moral of my story These people r such idiots, it’s a BIKE LANE not a random walking path Sucks that that little girl has a mentally challenged mom. Look at that. Crying just like a biker when a car bumps his ass off the road. I used to do a lot of biking, and this IS a real problem! People need to stay out of the way! Cyclists don’t ride on freeways, so pedestrians don’t walk on bike paths!! If it was me my parents would of said I probably deserved it because I was it the cyclist lane Man the same happend to me but the biker drove into my nuts, THAT HURTS! But that most have hurted A LOT too!!! poor girl. let me just walk into the road and get mad at you when you run me over In Old Montreal there are a lot of tourists. That particular bike path is very badly indicated and there are mostly no sidewalk for pedestrians. So the fault is on the stupid people working at city hall who just can't do the right thing and set this problem quickly. each year is always the same problem. Dude that's like walking into traffic and getting mad when someone runs you over smh It wasn't the girl's fault,her stupid parents should have taken care of her Selber schuld lol You commented you were using a bike lane but failed to realise the bike lane came to an end....perhaps the real moral is consideration by all...and for cyclists to oay.more attention to when thwre are NO markings for a bike lane
By your reasoning, if a bike was on the road, a car would have the right to run them down... That mum is a fucking idiot ffs How stupit are you Stupid parents not taking care of their children, entirely their fault She deserve it I love it when cyclists get all indignant about pedestrians not following the rules of the road. SILLY WOMAN this is just part and parcel of living in a big city, white racism caused the bicycle to become violent The City holds some blame as well. Put better signage and educate pedestrians that it is a 
Bike ONLY path, that could certainly help. One time in NYC I was standing on the sidewalk at the bus stop, as the bus approached I was walking towards it's door when a speeding cyclist came zooming onto the sidewalk to get around the bus and crashed right into me, knocking me on my ass ! Luckily I have a fat butt which cushioned the fall but if I had fallen sideways and landed on my elbow, it could have been quite different. Moral of the story, sometimes idiot cyclists are where they shouldn't be also. Where I come from, if there's a bicycle lane available, you're supposed to walk on it. Alot of cyclers don't know about it and are very rude to people who walk on it. I've had the opposite of this happen to me. I was walking on the pedestrian lane and their were these big bikes that people can rent, but you have to be a ceartin age to drive them, and the kid driving it wasnt old enough, and while the parents sat in the back he drove into the pedestrian walking lane and the tire ran over my ankle and the rubber burnt through since the tire wouldn't stop rolling. Thankfully it wasn't deep enough to get stitches but it did leave a scar. I understand people want to have fun and take the easy way out but they should think about others too along with themselves. :/ (Also, the tourist bikes has two rows but I don't really know what it's called, and this was a LONG time ago so I don't remember all of the facts. But just thought it share the story. ) If you read this far I hope you have a good day, and enjoy going farther away from your original video you were watching just like I did. Lol. 1:14 ... pussy As much as I hate that the little girl got hit, it isn’t the cyclist’s fault. They need to understand that they cannot walk there. That family is so dramatic lmao Play stupid and your kid pays the price """"how could you do such a thing?"""" bitch please Hahahahahahahahaha stupid fucks, the little girl learned about bike lanes on this day fucking Cyclists. scum Moral lesson of the story: bike does'nt kill people, it just brake people's bone. I despise cyclists! Fucking cyclists! Slow the fuck down you dumb ass shitheads.  You think you have exclusive rights? You have fuck all! The little girl shouldn’t have been walking on the bike lane and the mother should’ve known this. There’s a reason why they have lanes and so that way you don’t become a hazard to cyclists. That mother shouldn’t have been having a go at the cyclist it’s was her girl who was in the way and who was in the wrong. It’s literally like walking on the road and then wondering why you got hit by a car by walking on the road. Fuck the pedestrians! They deserve it! Should have left the girl on the ground until ambulance got there could have hurt her even more You deserve it, kid! If you are on a bike path, and with your mom, she should know that is illegal to walk on the bike lane, it's a rule, you dumbass, why do you want to break it, so you can cry after getting hit by a bike, very nice. (I know those people can't see my message, but still, if others can, it s enough) where was the bike path?????? Well, there is no bicycle lane were the kid was hit, so you french baguette sucker are wrong, the bike lane stops like 100 meters behind you. This makes me mad, keep your kid from walking in the bike lane Pedestrians = obstacles
Obstacles = BRAKE!!!!!!
Common sense! Just type GHOST TOWN cheat code Well, guess what? People don't give a crap about anything nowadays. Nobody follows rules. Even if it's POSTED. This shows me that the community in the video needs to provide paths to allow for bicycles AND pedestrian traffic AND recreational traffic (like skates). And PEOPLE NEED TO LIVE AND LET LIVE ... Have a little tolerance for each other, for Goodness' sake! Oh come on don’t you have symphany the poor girl broke her leg and it’s all her fault because she was on the bike lane she probably didn’t understand Bike Lanes are very dangerous. Years ago the Prez of OC bike club in CA went for a little sprint on the Santa Ana River bike trail. Little kid turned in front of him and. He crashed and landed on his head and died. “The most dangerous thing in the world is to be alive.” GK Chesterton. you are an idiot. people are also walking on the streets, but i cant hit them. So we have to share the road with you but you dont want to share the road with them??? Just like bike should'nt ride on the street....thats why we have to SHARE! Faggeds I honestly dont even feel bad at all. Yea but whose stupid enough to keep using that lane to bicycle when its so congested? I wouldn't chance it and would get tired of avoiding accidents and ride somewhere else with less ppl “Comment est ce que vous avez pu faire ça?” !!!!!!!!!!!! Is she retarded ? there are no lines or lines. nobody knows, it just for bicycle.
Try writing letter to town government to make it better. Could help but think of cyclists causing problems for cars. vule vukushe avek mua? the french really are a bunch of pussies People are such fucking pricks. Selfish idiots. You have to ride your damn bikes at such speeds when there are bushes blocking the view? There is always a chance that someone by happenstance walked into the bicycle lane, especially when the lanes aren't marked properly. The lines were almost gone where the pedestrian got hit. Have some respect for other people. Selfish turds. Next time dont be stupid and walk on the bike lane The morrow of the story is !! Theese bikers are assholes !! Deserved. Stupid french people I would be angry if they would blame me. I would srsly scream in her face that its a bike lane. I feel bad for both parties but it is an accident. Hit the little girl, get back on your bike and keep going your way Dump people just walking to the bike lane. Idiots Morale : les gens sont cons The little girl's and idiot and the parents are bigger idiots for letting their family walk on the cycle path Oh well ! You should’ve showed the kid a better example like how to follow the rules for their own safety !!! Yes in most countries bicycles do have the right of way on bike lanes, HOWEVER pedestrians are allowed and even supposed to use them alongside bicycles. Also bycicles are responsible for safety and when they drive into a person. I had a similar indicent where I rode very fast on a bike lane and there was also like in this video a family with a little girl. Since I drove very fast I didn't have enough reaction time and I hit the girl and he got hurt and started crying but for me it was even worse.. I fell out of the bike and broke my arm and my bike and I got reviled by the mom that I'm careless  and an idiot and so on. No one cared about my situation. Like they were the ones walking on a fucking bike road and I got all the blame for me. Sorry for my english btw Its not my first language. Lol why are all these people watching don't they have anything better to do? And call police for a such a small thing? I'm glad California has it all marked for on ramps.     It's all green every where you go epically in Stanford.   Palo alto.          All green lanes for bikes. Next time try to jump infront of Cars Her mom is so silly too, she should not pick up a person who has broke a bone, it might do it even worser. Idiots. It's a cycle path for a reason И сразу полиция подошла. А в России сука больше всех в мире ментов и подходят только чтобы дубинкой по ебалу дать во время мирного митинга. Fucking cry babies They should give out tickets for walking on the wrong path. Would give the city lottsss of money to make more improvements. C: Holy shit this video made me shake with anger. The mother has her and her dumbass kids on the bike path and then yells at the poor cyclist who hit the idiotic girl like it's her fault. The cyclist already feels terrible enough even tho it's not her fault at all and she got hurt too because the pedestrians are dumbshits. If I was the cyclist, I wouldn't have been apologizing. I would have kicked the mother's fucking ass. And then walked over and kicked the little girls leg to make it worse. Not trying to be heartless, but so many people are so fuckin ignorant. Ugh. I feel somewhat better. God. People are so dumb..... I mean the hoe  deserved it 1:08, chill she broke her leg. Also why the fuck you on the cycle lane bitch it wasn't the cyclist's fault don't walk on bike paths... Canada is cancer The girl might have been in the bike lane and technically in the wrong here but it's fair to say that the biker is still expected to exercise some fucking common sense.  Not everybody is going to follow the rules to the letter (children even less so) especially when the lane is only marked at intervals.  I'm sorry but this is still 100% on the biker, if you're in a car approaching a crosswalk with a green light and there is someone on it crossing the road do you keep going with the thought """"well the light is green so I'm going to keep going since THEY shouldn't be walking on it""""?  OF FUCKING COURSE NOT!  YOU STOP ANYWAY!  It's a straight fucking path so there is no way the biker couldn't see her.....  I mean YOU did the right thing by the backing off and avoiding everybody despite the cycle lane so what's his excuse? Get the fuck out the way  french morons You can see the girls leg dangle a little That one out of who knows how many people learned their lesson AWWW POOR CHILD!!! :'( Deja la gamine exagére les parents ont a envie de les baffer et la cycliste n'a meme pas a ce justifier I thought the moral of the story should be, ride your bike slower around pedestrians.  Ffs cyclists think they own the road, now they think they own the pavement.  Painted cycle lane or not, take that chip off your shoulder when cycling close to people. Tossers the lot of you Whats the moral of the story?  If cyclists see pedestrians in the road, even on a cycle path THEY SHOULD  SLOW THE F###K DOWN,  except cyclists and common sense do not go together Fuck pedestrians! Should’ve stomped on the kids skull until she stopped crying. It was mainly the pedestrians fault, not the cyclists. Don't drive your bike fast where there are people and CHILDREN! Citizens: Bikers are always hitting people, make Bike lanes!
Also Citizens: If you think that is the moral of the story than it shows you have no morals. If you are driving anything the person on foot has the right of way. Think of others for a change.... She deserves it 100% of the people in here talking about how it's a bike lane are sad losers, including the guy who posted the video. It's a bike lane, you see children walking here, you take that into account and you do things in order to not hit people. As simple as that. And what did we learn? How about cyclist slow down when people are round more to point when children  are a round man jus be lucky you even got a goddang bike lane, in my city cyclists don't run people over, they get run over 😂 Stupid... That's just what it's like for drivers on a road when cyclists are darting all over the road in front of them. why is the family acting like she’s dying or critically injured lol """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING"""" nigga you were walking in a bike lane. I was hit too. (When I was a kid) French people are a no no for me g e  t a c a r y o u b y c l e c o m m i e s It's the girls fault Lucky it wasn't a boyracer in his hatchback revving his engine and poisoning the poor little girl with his nasty health hazzard exaust fumes and hitting her with his crumple zones. So what would leagally happen in a situation like this? I'm just curious. Wothout lane demarkation it's just another accident waiting to happen. I feel bad for the little girl. But just like you got to get burnt to realize you shouldn't play with matches, you got to get hit by a bicycle to realize you should be walking on a bicycle lane. Why aren't parents watching their kids a little bit better? Cyclists are idiots Lol funny Good for her Poor girl, she has a stupid mother. Poor bike too then don't get mad if you get hit by a car while riding your bike on the road Dont walk on bike paths...how about not riding bikes on the road Maybe don’t let your fucking kids walk in the bike lane. Terrible parents. What a silly mother. Why dafuq did she pick her up. It probably hurt even more Emmm je suis american petit français jai adore biologia Okay not very smart of the family walking on a BILE PATH but if you choose too walk on it the cyclist shouldn’t have to move and dodge walkers the people walking need to be aware so there for it’s the family’s fault not the cyclist Stupid parent. Bicycle cops. Eh. Just stay out of the damned way and dont put your kids in that danger. """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!!!"""" as if the woman intentionally ran over your daughter. Geez man. Stupid ass kid How did they know her leg was """"broken"""" before help arrived? She deserved it for not paying attention to the sign like hello Thank god the bike hit her! It should’ve killed her too! what you expect? Parents fault smh That kid acting in doubt anyone brother wouldn't bout their sibling out wouldn't either unless something far worst happened LMAO 😂 dumbass got what she deserved don't walk in the middle of a bloody bike lane It’s a bike lane I mean I don’t rlly feel bad for her she shouldn’t have been walking there... My sister was once almost hit once by a cyclist going at full speed and we were mad at them but I understand this situation I've been riding a bike since 12 years I've never crashed into pedestrians you better learn how to ride even though in my country there is no bike lane I ride on highways too Bruh i would have beaten thier asses ( pedestrians) I feel bad for the little girl because it was her parents idea to walk in the bike lane, not hers. Mom is holding her kid like she's dying in a movie scene lol Dude shut up there were bikes in the pedestrian Lane too. You hypocrite. There are clearly no markings on the path where the girl was hit. Mom carried her kid away like the were in a war or something 
Hopefully the mother learns something about this Of course the bike lane is full of pedestrians. Who would want to walk on a tiny boardwalk, next to (it seems) considerable traffic, when theres a huge road right next to it with nice plants on both sides. You also could slow the fuck down when all these people are walking there. 0:56 Oooooh you can see her leg bent/broken if you pause.... 😣😣😣 No sympathy from me, don't stand in a fucking cyclist lane. They got what they deserved tbh Honestly,  it's the pedestrian's fault for walking on the bike roads in the first place. Those lanes are meant to be so shit like this doesn't happen.  There were literally sidewalks a few feet away. est-ce que tu aimes faire du vélo? Can I get a rip in the chat Clearly at 0:27 there is nothing separating the footpath from the bike lane so pedestrians could cross into the bike lane easily, and without warning that it’s a bike path. There’s no sign to say that it’s for cyclists only there. Watch Death Race 2000 and you'll know how to outfit your bike from now on to deal with rule breakers. Look after your kid, bitch.  Bad shit happens when you don't. Deserves everything she got as it clearly states bike lane and if you can’t read well that’s your problem Nobody cares, they deserve it All I care about is if the bike is okay Maybe he should just slow down and realax or ride on the street and hit a frigen car. It's her own fault , she Shouldn't have been walking on the cycling path . She had it coming , silly girl. Don't walk in the fucking bike lane and this shit wouldn't have happened. Its the parents fault obviously Rule: pedestrians are vulnerable. Every drivers and riders should watch out and control their speed, even if its their lane. Yeah but how do we know she didn't deserve it...? The worst thing is that the cyclist seems to be the """"bad guy"""" on the story. That really drives me crazy I mean I know pedestrians shouldn't be walking around there, but if the cyclists know that people are there, slow down a bit? Just a thought maybe, considering most cyclists ride around with their noses in the air thinking they're more important than anyone else, hence why you see them going through red lights all the time. But I that mother was really thick and selfish considering she put her kids in danger by walking there. Both the cyclist and the mother are at fault here Its not the bikers fault they shouldnt be walking on the bikers lane Speechless... Yeah just ride them over, so the city did decide..... it's ill designed.
you cannot put the bike lane AND the pedestrian lane on the same small path.
the speed difference between these two groups are too big and you need more than just paint. I would’ve spit in the moms face and tell the child to stfu And that's how you learn We are facing the same problems in singapore why the fuck you wana walk on the bicycles line.... Bad parenting??? pedestrians and cars act so entitled when it comes to people biking around. when we really have as much fucking right to be there as they do. Love how a biker think pedestrian shouldnt be on bike path. When i think exactly the same when i see a biker in the street. Shouldnt be There. Thanks for Sharing. Walk safe, bike safe, Drive safe! Enjoy life with no broken leg due to being where you dont Belong. ✌️ """"How could you such a thing?"""" why did that lady say that. it was her fault after all walking on a bike lane 🙄 None of this would have happened if people wernt so retarded Their fault shrug 
eh, no sympathy,.
 hopefully it's a learning experience for that family Its the pedestrian fault Moral: keep yo ass off the damn walk for RIDERS Marche sur le trotoire pas compliqué That's what you get for walking on the bike lane. Filmed on my birthday Twats shoundt be walking on a bike lane Deserved it. it’s a BIKE lane for a reason Moral of the story? All cyclists are fucking wankers Why are they getting mad at the bikers? It’s there problem there walking on bike lanes Its sad because the little girl was not at fault here. It's all the fault of the mother whois responsible for the underage child, the mother should know better Why do they have to be so dramatic, she broke her leg, big deal, back when I was a kid my parents would've apologised for how stupid I am and whoop my ass for breaking my leg...and you wonder why your kids grow up to be spoiled snowflakes... Bruh if you walk in the bike lane in the Netherlands we WILL run you over if you dont move Poor little girl didn't deserve it; the mother did. She's the one that got them to walk down the bicycle lane even though she should have known better They got their lesson to WALK ON THEIR FUCKING SIDE

Btw it's worse in Poland, maybe because the whole country is fucked up 0:44 that little girl and her stupid family desrved that for standing in the biking lane 0:51  The lady's shoe😂😂 I'd rather to have a designated bike path, than having the """"bike zone"""" shared with motorized vehicles. Cyclists (in the US) you're not a fucking car...get on the fucking sidewalk. Wie die rum heulen alter LOLOLOLLOOLOOOOLOOLOLOOLLOLLOOOLOO Am I the only one who thinks that the cyclist with GoPro who hitting the pedestrians? And yet here in the states cyclists blow through stop lights and barrel down sidewalks and blame motorists and pedestrians when they hit anything. Did it a few itmes. IT'S FUN 😈 Karma Such dumb people to be in a bycicle lane THOSE ARE THE WORST PARENTS!! They finally learned their lesson! And THEY are mad! Knock some sense in those idiots! They’re missing something! ITS CALLED A BRAIN! I WOULD NEVER EVER TAKE MY CHILDREN ON A BIKE PATH! Also there was a sidewalk RIGHT NEXT TO IT!! What. The. Hell. They shouldn’t be mad at the person who ran the girl over but should be mad at themselves 🖕 To be fair, it’s not clearly marked everywhere. It’s very spotty, some parts indicate there’s a bike lane, but most of the patch you rode on don’t ... I dont feel bad I would have done that to everyone on the fucking path Justice served bitches! It’s their fault sooo.... THIS IS WHY YOU SHOULD PAINT THE BIKE LANES RED AND HAVE A CURB TO COME UP TO THE PEDESTRIAN PATH. But hey what do i know I'm just a Dutch guy biking literally every day. Well. Pedestrians > Bicycles > Automobiles. Period. If i hit a cyclist riding on the side of the road, i dont get to say its not my fault. Learn to control your vehicle. Omg seeing the mom saying """"Why would you do such a thing"""" to the biker pisses me off since this is clearly a bike lane Nigga got slammed Well, you know. People are idiots and don’t like to follow the rules. Unfortunately, people are still going to do it because they’re too stupid to understand. I have a question for every one why the fuck are people so fucking dumb as hell I hope the bike is ok Here in the US,bikes have to be on the street and they get hit by cars. :) Put alot of signs on the bike lane and heavily fine pedestrians who use it anyway that will deter people The poor little girl. She got hit because her mother was an idiot It's good she broke her leg... May this be a lesson to not walk on bicycle lanes there needs to be some sort of barrier separating the bike lane and the pedestrian lane. That way people don't wander into the bike lane without noticing At the end. Pedestrians fault the bike, Better say pedestrian hits cyclist People are arrogant they walk where they please even if it’s on a designated cycle path then complain if they’re struck by a cyclist She is so gorgeous and shewasthe baby jk It's the sister fault she hurt her self brat Its there fault not the cyclist I'm happy this happened, teach that bitch a good lesson to stop walking on bike paths. I ride every day.  Given that why not slow down if there’s someone else on the path,can’t you do that. This is so true my man that girl was probably screwing around in the middle of the road Stay the fuck outta the bike lanes and shit like this would not happen Poor child if I were there I'd beat the cyclist ass Heh, that little girl got more roasted than my burnt toast heheheheheehehhe Where the girl was hit wasn't marked as a bike lane at all. 

Maybe cyclists could slow down a bit? Ha Why would they watch that’s embarrassing Tip for anyone if it’s a bike lane don’t walk in it because a bike might come These fukin cyclists don't stop for anything Not the cyclist's fault!
""""How could you do such a thing?""""
Umm excuse me this is clearly a bike lane so fck you its your fault
EDIT: Broken leg? Jeez! But still, get out of the way, people! And this wont happen! That’s their fault for walking in a fucking cycle lane Inbred parenting If they were French the6 not have realised but still it’s extremely stupid What's the point of calling the police? The mistake is clearly of pedestrians NOT bikers EZ deal with it yourself Veryfucking truthful everytime i see people on the bike lane sometimes i scold them In France hell noo Poor bike... is it okay? Over reacting Deserves it In the netherlands tou can sue people that you hit on bicycle lanes because there are side walks so if you hit someone they get a problem and not you
Sorry for bad english🤨 I hope they learned their lesson not to walk on the cycle path I just read something like : 'City hit pedestrian'. And oh rip she broke now🙃 How the fuck do you break your leg? Some fathers are really stupids.....that’s a cycle line...... W.T.F are they doing in there .?? And bikes shouldn’t drive on pavements... Yeah my aunt who lives in Montreal often complains about this too. And by the way people, could you stop being happy about a little girl getting hit and breaking her leg, she's a child, she doesn't know any better! Her mother on the other hand... Oh well teaches them a lesson How retarted or mental to clearly see that there are cyclist on the path going so fast that you don't even know and be walking on the same path there. He must’ve been cycling really fast for her to break her leg but idk 🤷🏾‍♀️ Don’t yell at her for hitting your daughter it’s your fault you were in the bike lane Honestly if you're going to ride a bike you should expect to get hit by anything. How else do you expect to not have anything happen when you go out for a ride.
It's the second that you let your guard down that s*** hits the fan. then.. they should GET THE FUCK OUT THE WAY """"Bike lane! You're walking in the Bike Lane!"""" Haha Mother """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING??!""""
Me """"It was your fault."""" Just put a metal plate infront of the bike and REMOVE em all from the cycle path Fuck the bicycle line in brasil we fuck the shit out of those Pff hahahaha it's so funny the little girl got hurt and the people around them blamed the bicyclist...ok so not so funny but the cries is😂 Can someone put wii music over this Kinda stupid how people are so dum enough to walk in the lane i mean it says bike lane not human lane 😑😒 Poor little girl :( That what's gonna happen if NOBODY follows the fucking law Lol That's her fault. 
Don't wanna say this but she deserved it, anyone who gets hurt in a bike lane deserves it. Its YOUR fault for walking in a bike lane. 
So don't be mad when a cyclist runs you over girl ....well I don't know much about that country but that road was obviously made for people that rides bicycles so they should have considered the risk I don't know if I have the right to say but that's what I think there's specific things that's made for only specific things
The poor little girl the mother should have known better because   I'm sure it was obviously made for bicycles and she's saying how could you do such a thing? It’s the stupid parents fault for not watching their kid I stg people are so fucking dumb. LOL, this sounds bad, but it’s kind of funny when children get hurt 😅 They are over reacting Stupid mother should've kept her daughter closer to her """"How could you do that?"""" WHAT DO YOU MEAN. YOU ARE THE ONE WALKING IN A BIKE LANE! Something tells me if you WALK on a BICYCLE lane something AWESOME is bound to happen!! Lmaooooooo I ride in parks with walkers and cyclists and you are forever going “on your left! On your left!” as you try to pass people taking up the whole lane.  The other day we had some b*tch purposefully move over to her left trying to get us to hit her.  I’m thinking of getting a GoPro just so I have proof if I hit an idiot and I’m in the right.  Same when I have to ride on the road.  I’m over as close to the line as possible and still have people making a game of passing as close to me as possible.  I just know I’m going to get nailed by a side mirror one day. Stupid libtards on their bicycles. Wussies fucking idiotic parents letting their children walk in the bike lanes. Women are silly:) Hahahaha Helmets are for pussies The kids dont know that its a bike lane but the parents know right ? I think the mother thought that if a cyclist comes near them she would purposely put the girl in front of her for her to get hurt so that she would be safe and say that the girl didnt know its a bike lane and probably take life insurance money Ah c’est fin de la monde! Vous êtes les problèmes pas elle sur le vélo. Who hit her is it the lady with black shorts and one shoe? What a little twat. Shouldn’t have done that. Little girl or not, it’s still that family’s fault for walking on that lane. Don’t make the biker the as the bad one here. I dont see how she got hit ? Its was a straight path either the girl walked infront of the bike or the bike hit her FROM A GODLY STAND POINT IT WAS THE LITTLE GIRLS FAULT. Same with cyclists on the roads haha It’s definitely not the cyclist’s fault! “How could you do such a thing like that!”
Yeah I wonder, how could you let your little girl walk on the bike path? And why?
This is karma, handle it! haha i got a concussion and a fat black eye from someone walking out into the road while i was riding down a hill, she had headphones in too. i definitely came off worse lol L to the girl. Just like when cyclists are right in the middle of the street when there is a bike lane right next to it. Just shut the fuck up with your stupid video. Its the old port. People are walking. The least you could do is slow down...but you are not...because you feel so entitled.
I will speed up and run you over with my car next time I see you biking right in the middle of the street. There. Fair enough? There was no bike lane I think that should all calm down, I mean. The brother begins crying because she broke her leg!?. When I broke my leg, a arm and fractured 5 rib bones because a guy drove into me whilst I was riding my motorbike, no one was crying for me! how to get pedestrians off bike lanes;
place a sign every meter saying that this is a bike lane. cyclists are wankers In zagreb, dubrava, poljanice we have one lane for bicikles and another for pedestrians so nobody gets hurt Why would someone cry id their sibling broke their leg. They can feel bad, but crying is retarded Well it’s there fault for being on the bike path IDIOTS SHE BROKE HER LEG. Was she on the ground or something? A bike lane... What could one expect? Based on clear visual inferences one could make, a simple conclusion that you shouldn’t walk there could be arrived to. I do feel bad for the girl but she learned the hard way and her parents should’ve known. The city, however, could make it more obvious to those mentally slow that the lane they walked in was for biking. Duh... Easy solution. Just go above the walkers! I feel bad for the little girl it's not her fault she's just following her parents. It's their fault. Also feel bad for the cyclist because she's got to live with hitting the kid :/ The mom said to the cyclist """"how could you do such a thing"""" like maybe you and your family shouldnt be walking in the bike Lanes that's what sidewalks are for ITS THE FU**ING PEDESTRIANS FAULT That People are fucking insane Bitch please, you daughter have a broke leg cuz' the line is not draw on that little street, plus you will need to watch you child Oouch that must hurt that bike. Rip bike😢 The bike lane is clearly marked...in one very small area.

However, we should all know bike riders have the right of way everywhere. /s DO like us in Stockholm Sweden have the routes besides of roads They won't learn. People tend to think they have special privilege to do what they will with no consequences. Dear pedestrians: Don’t walk on the bloody bike bath (meant for bicycles)
Dear Cyclists: Don’t ride on the bloody road (meant for cars)
Dear Cars: don’t drive in the bloody sky (meant for planes)
Dear Planes: Don’t fly in bloody space (meant for rockets)
Dear rockets: Fly wherever you want to coz u r coool!
Moral of the story: UNLESS YOU ARE A ROCKET STAY IN THE DESIGNATD AREA! The little girl should be killed lol Stupid people.... now they will regret it GTA 5 shit The mother should have moved the girl out the way Cry much It’s true it’s not walking parhs it’s biking paths Stupid little girl I'm happy she broke her leg serves her right So who was the cyclist The biker is have a right in there. Because is for the bikr not for walking. Is the parents fault. This is the shit that pisses me off, people who are too lazy to read, and when shit happens to them they complain, that's like a dumbass who sees the sign """"NO TRESPASSING"""" and you STILL go in passing the sign and then cry murder when something horrific happens, like FOH with that bulkshit, let shit happen to your dumbass then. oof In romaania kids run like crazy on front of the cars with slow speed and the parents even if the kid is not hurt blames the poor man who was going verry slow with the car and a motherfucker ran on front of him and that guy goes to the prison.FUCK LOGIC ROMANIA! It’s technically not the cyclists fault. The pedestrians were walking in the bike lane only. So the pedestrians would really be at fault. karma's a bitch Of course, bicyclists have to be careful, but pedestrians shouldn’t be allowed to walk on bike paths, let alone stand on them... So you know how vehicles feel when cyclists are all over the road /place! there was no ‘bike lane’ marking where the girl was hit, nor was there any for a very long stretch of the path, so why is it not ok for them to walk there? Having the right of way is no excuse for breaking a girls leg by hitting her with a cycle. Self righteousness is not more important than a child's well being. Bad cycling. """"How could you do such a thing"""" says the women. Next time take better care of your kids next time you see a cyclist coming straight towards them. Whats the moral of the story? Dont fuckin mess with the bikers! They deserve it. That's why you shouldn't walk there😑🤦🏼‍♂ They shouldn't have been in the bike lane, but I hope she's feeling better, poor kid. What idiots these days Hate it when people think the other person is in the wrong 🙄 🤔 He didnt have brakes? It's quite inconsiderate that people don't care about mike lanes, but be a little more symapthetic a CHILD broke her leg in that video. It’s their fault that they’re WALKING IN THE FRICKING BIKE LANE!!!!!!! People aren’t supposed to be walking on bike lanes... it’s the people who walk on them it’s their fault if they get hit. The mom said “how could you do such a thing” I’m like “why would you walk on a bike lane stupid it’s your fault your daughter got hurt not theirs” So now you know why bike lanes are their, to prevent hitting people walking, or getting hit by a car on streets. I do feel sorry for the little girl but it’s her fault she got hurt and if she says it’s the cyclists fault she’s wrong she just doesn’t want to be blamed well if it is ur fault there is no excuses I mean the parents should be apologizing to the cyclist if that cyclist gets arrested free her. The parents should deserve to go to jail It’s not the bikers fault the girl got hit. It’s the dumb ass kids fault for being in the wrong lane Lmao she deserved it because she clearly knew that was a bicycle lane but she decided to walk My heart is broken! all I ever hear from these idiot cyclists is we need to share our roads with them.... so they get our streets and the bike lanes? wow... talk about entitled. that poor little girl had no idea these selfish hogs were blazing down the path.  makes me sick to my stomach... yeah right.. share huh cycle boy? youre so full of Schiff it's pathetic. 

we need to license all of these degenerate cyclists and make them put big tags on their bikes. then they will start obeying the laws. they are all around me and they don't feel the need to follow the laws and get so mad when you call them out on it. pieces of Schiff. The  boy was acting so hard roflol People are idiots and sheep.
They see a nice wide path so they claim it. these are the Idiots
And if 1 does it they all do it. these are the Sheep Now you know how cars feel when cyclists are on the road 自転車が、悪い風になってるけどどうせ自転車道路でフラフラ歩いてたんだろ？
結局、親の躾が悪いんだよ。
事故ってからピーピーわめくんじゃねぇよ People complain about there being too many bicycles on walking paths so then designated bicycle paths are put in place that end up being overrun with pedestrians. You can't have it both way jackasses. That's like complaining you got hit by a car for walking down the road like it's a walking path when there's perfectly good sidewalks to walk on. I'm a pedestrian, and I feel offended. you should have said It Won't Happen If You Don't Wall at Bicycle Lane If you carry a baseball bat when walking, the cyclists seem to have less trouble avoiding you, but they still might clip you slightly when coming from behind, but not when coming from the front- odd that. That’s what they get for getting in the way. You either MOVE YOUR ASS or get hit I'm just gonna say parents fault! Walking in a bike lane AND! not keeping the kid Infront or in the middle of them (this is what we do in Australia) I might aswell walk on the street I'll walk where I want, you don't tell me what to do. My tax dollars helped pay for that path Stupid kid tbh no hate but i’m not sorry that she broke her leg I mean she was on the wrong lane and shouldn’t have been there in the first place so that was all on them Voilà ce qui arrive quand on est pas foutue de surveiller ses enfants! They did it to themselves man that's just really sad 1:00 there’s a sidewalk right next to them Lmao that stupid family should die because they’re so stupid assholes! People these days What a fucking idiotic mum... stupid fucking parent It may be a pedestrians fault, or also those who didn't put enough signs for citizens so they know that this is bicycle lane. Also, why is there no good lane for pedestrians, if they move here. And the third - it is bicyclists lane but still that doesn't mean they should be going all calm like it is their place and they have the right to hit anyone. I just know some who sometimes making dumbass rushes on bridges full of people, signaling everyone like they owe the place. Buying this vehicle doesn't give you any advantage rights anywhere. C'est pas parce qu'elle c'est cassé la jambe qu'elle est dans un etat """"grave"""" The girl is my mood right now I feel bad for the lady, she was getting blamed for something that wasn’t her fault. She was just trying to ride a bike in the BIKE LANE yet people were walking in the bike lane. Smh people can be so stupid Encore une preuve que les gens sont des putain d'irresponsables : """"Madame, comment avez-vous pu faire ça ?""""
La vrai problème c'est qu'ils sont même pas suffisament responsable et dépourvu d'intelligence pour faire marcher leurs gosses sur le trottoir au lieu de la voie pour cyclistes, zone dangereuse... A cause d'eux toute la famille chiale, la gamine est (surement) blessée, et la pauvre cycliste toute chamboulée par la situation est même plus capable de se défendre sinon on la défonce... HOLD UP WHY WOULD A GIRL BREAK HER LEG FOR, GETTING HIT It's the family's fault. They should have watched their kid. It’s her own fault. Lol i thought the recorder hit the girl nvm lol Hate people who do this...are u kidding me... """"How could u do such a thing""""...this girl thought it was the bikers fault...u we're already direspecting the place by not following the rules even if u don't live there and if you do then shme on you cause by now u should know the rules...do u not know how to read or look at signs and that lady had the AUDACITY of telling that poor women it was your fault...I hope that leg breaks bad and it stays like that... That's what u get for not following the rules 🖕🖕🖕 their own fault lol idiots People should learn to stay your lane. It's called survival of the fittest. Evolution baby😂😂😂 You kinda deserve it if your dumb enough to stand in the lane. I have 0 sympathy for dumbasses It says """"BIKE LANE"""" for a reason Boi thats the mother fault watch your fkn child. La mère l’a crié dessus comme si c’était la faute du cycliste.-. LMFAO bitches should have not been in the way Me having a little sister and the little girl who got hit looks like my little sisters age so that made me really hart broken 😢😢😢 Have they learned there lesson ? French people are cool. He has 2 stars hahahaha I really feel bad for the little girl because it’s not her fault she probably didn’t know it was a bike path but her parents it’s really their fault...wow I only feel bad for the little girl because it's her family's fault. She wouldn't have been in that position had they had any sense It’s there own fault """"How could you so such a thing?!""""

How could you be in a bicycle lane I dont give a shit for the girl >:) but its her fault so... yea >:) Its their fault walking on the bicycle  lane People are so fucking stupid. Jsjajaja You can really see the broken leg... It is reserved for bikers Why should I fell bad? It was kinda their fault for staying On The bike lane and guys dont get me wrong I'm 100% right at this point STUPID PARENTS WHO NORMAL WALKING WITH KIDS THROUGH WAY ONLY FOR BIKES ??? Fuck the parents of that girl MURICA When I saw her crying I said he deserved it and I was calm that cycle lane isn't marked where they were hit. Further still, it was a child who was hit. If you are cycling near pedestrians, don't cycle at high speeds, expecting a 6 year old child to follow the rules, don't be an idiot they got what they deserve. assholes. yeah imagine walking with your kids down the road, getting hit by a car and then yelling at driver 'how could you do that??' fucking idiots In San Francisco,  bike paths are stripped green,  or painted completely green. 
If a bike is in the street with the cars,  it is to be treated as another car.. In my opinion I think it’s their own fault. That’s a BIKE lane, meant only for people on bikes. Its not meant for people to use as a side walk. So.... it’s their own fault that her leg got broke. Get off the bicycle lane the little girl deserved it she should have been there really injured but they that stupid Stupid kids get off the lanes I feel bad for the poor cyclist more than the girl. People are so stupid. So stupid! Dislike the video or not the guy is right they are reserved for bikes The sidewalk is literally 20 ft away! Bro why would you care about the retarted little fucking girl they were walking in the damn bike lane STAT IN YO LANE Dumb little girl u shouldn’t be waking on a bicycle lane You are so right like i know she broke her leg but that was kinda dumb.Finally somebody realizes whats gonna happen if u do that Lady: how could you do such a thing?
Me screaming at my phone: how could you walk in a fucking bicycle lane you thin slice of nutloaf idiots 0:40 """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?""""
... well, clearly you can't be walking on the bike lanes and i don't think she did it on purpose ... No one gives a fuck its their fault fucking dumb cunts Btw cyclists are in everyones way,not the other way around.u guys cry about everything,cars,pedestrians,trees,buildings. Omg the buildings 😠 In a way it was karma should have hit them a second time Omg poor girl in bucharest its better, no bike lanes, you can't hit civilians, you can only be ran over by a car or a taxi haha c'est pour cela que les piétons doit être sur leur propre piste """"How could you do such a thing?""""
Wasnt it an accident? They deserved it WELL DONE Do yourselves a favor and keep french people out of your countries Fucking damn pedestrians Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
Wiggle
Wiggle
Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
Wiggle
Wiggle
Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
 Wiggle
Wiggle
Wiggle
Wiggle One word for This karma! pedestrians deserve it and im not dumb like them,i walk on sidewalk best solution For me it’s like giving your child to walk on the road and then blaming car drivers if something happens I wouldn’t feel bad at all if I snapped that little girls ribs off. Get out the damn bike lane maybe you wouldn’t get hurt. Poor the bike on the ground I feel really bad for the little girl but people should stay off the bike lane unless their on a bike.  Though I think they could eve put the paint on the bike lane showing that it it a bike lane all the way through it. So people will know more clearly, just a thought Stay out of the bike lane am I clear I’m a bike courier that operates from a restaurant right on that same road and I used to use this bike path every day. in the summer there are always a ton of people walking there. What it needs is proper signage and line painted throughout the whole thing. Classic Montreal Pause at 0:56 and you can see the little kids leg bending sideways since it broke Floods cyclist Well at the same time I'm feeling sorry for the little girl but again it is a bike lane I'm being serious right now it was the girls fault not the bikers fault That’s what they get for not respecting the rules.... People are idiots Mother:HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING
Me:bitch you're the one putting your poor kid in danger,look who's fuckinf talking I feel sorry for the girl but its the idiotic moms fault for taking the girl to a cyclist trail not for pedestrians 😡 I mean, it sucks that a little girl had to be hurt because it wasn’t her fault, it was the parents. She was just walking where everybody else was walking. """"how could you do such a thing?"""" It's not like they hit your daughter on purpose. Maybe pay more attention? She deserved it for walking in the wrong lane! Let's be honest Idk why but im lovin it Just be normal 
Is the moral People are really dum Reminds me of a time I took the corner to my street a little faster than usual (safely - you can see up my street before the turn so I knew no one was there).  Up the street was a husband/wife walking with their daughter.  The husband left the wife and kid to come lecture me saying I was making it unsafe for his daughter.  I replied simply that if he really gave a shit about his daughter's safety he wouldn't be walking on the ROAD .. and I showed him the sidewalk.  He shut up and walked away. I feel bad for the cyclist who had to deal with that. Did the markings not stop meters back and it became a normal path. Other cyclists are coming down pedestrain side. Also just cause its a cycle lane doesnt mean you have right of way God forbid anyone pays attention. Both biker and pedestrians are at fault in nearly every instance this happens. Really the city should put a fine always the foreigners not being funny it true do 0:40 """" How could you so such a thing?! """" 
Ladie #1 Fix your grammar
#2 your fault for blocking the bicycle lane and causing it to happen to her 
And #3 Your a b!tch It's the parents fault for walking there. NON CYCLISTS HAVE A SIDEWALK TO """"WALK"""" ON BUT CLEARY THAT RULE DOESN'T APPLY TO SOME PEOPLE The thing is the lady was screaming """" How could you!! """" , but you wouldn't walk into the road and scream at the driver  if they hit you saying """" How could you!! """" . There is a perfectly good sidewalk/pavement about 1 meter away!! Why are you calling the police it’s a accident What a shame that they didn’t all lose a leg. I found her crying quite funny That why you STAY OUT IF THE BIKE LANE Omg For some reason I don't feel sorry for the girl and there parents because they were walking on the WRONG SIDE OF THE PATH!!! What do they expect will happen!!?? I go to a park where they rent out bikes and have specific cycles only paths. Pedestrians go on there and one woman just stood in the middle of a cycles only path and I stopped so suddenly for her I fell of the bike don't worry, their just french, just give her some frog legs and she will be right as rain... Thats why you get the fuck out of the path of tje bikes stupid human 🤔😐😑 What's the moral?




Is simple.



DON'T BREAK THE RULES thed idiots they look Cunts. Francesi del cazzo andate in culo Id beat the shit out of the bitch screaming how could you doo such thing when they are clearly the ones who are guilty. Dont fucking walk on a bicycle path, shut the fuck up if you get hit, you know it happens eventually Idiots your obv walking in the wrong lane. God i hate theese kind of people «How could you do such thing» IT WAS A ACCIDENT CAUSED BY YOU! That little bitch deserves it. It's her fault. You should have defended the woman with the bike, you stupid fuck Then slow down maybe ..regardless whose right or wrong . Bike lanes are for bikes not for crack heads
:) R.I.P. I wanted her whole family paralized Wait, they added bike lanes because people were complaining about how cyclists ride on footpaths yet here they are walking on bike lanes. And justice makes the pedestrian wins Their fault. Bruh.. that's like walking in the road and getting mad when someone runs me over. People won't follow simple rules. I'm actually happy that girl got hit.
Now the family learned their lesson. Pedestrians can be stupid assholes too. Will i mean not to be an asshole but they are fucken stupid for walking or stoping in the bycle line like dont they no theres bycles going fast as fuck their You are an idiot. Nice to see all those signs and markings warning people who aren't familiar with that area. Maybe don't fucking walk in the bike lane smh retards Even its For Bike Lane The Cyclist Still Get Complain Even The People Dont Know its Only For Bike Lane Idc les osti de français de marde It's sorta the girls fault and the mom's because they knew it is only for bikes I would kick her again lol Stupid family, poor girl I totally understand like I’m walking in a car lane and all of sudden a car car hits me like bruh wtf I’m walking here The people are just dumb Happened to me as a pedestrian. But the bicyle was on the pedestrian path going really fast. I had surgery to close my wound on my arm. The cyclist yelled at me first « I rang the bell ! ». He was judged guilty in court and had to give me 5000€. Hope the parents of this poor little girl were punished as well and hope this little girl is fine. Surely SHE learned the lesson, not sure about her relatives though. C’est en France 🇫🇷 i dont care that people are saying “ good it taught them a lesson to not walk in the bike lane” and “she deserved it “ it’s a little girl like really it’s not the little girls fault if anything it’s the parents but still some people don’t have heart The lane isn’t marked whatsoever further along, if they joined in the middle, they would have no way of knowing, hardly their fault That’s the bike lane so that girl needs to get outta the way it’s 100% her fault Pussies Yea, because its totally the cyclist's fault that you were walking on a lane meant only for cyclist and wasn't watching the kid so the kid got it...Totally the cyclist's fault that your kid got a broken bone because you can't walk on a sidewalk like a normal person. smh Imagine this: You were casually just riding a bike in bike lane. Suddenly a little girl is on the path and its too late to brake. You try your everything but you crash into her. Why is she on the bike lane? Then her mom comes yelling at you and its suddenly your fault lol I rode a bike on vacation on a bike ONLY path and people got in da way It may look like an innocent pedestrian broke her leg as a cyclist charged into her,which also hurt him/her

But if you think about it,it couldn’t have gone better. The girl was probably too young to remember the pain,but did learn the lesson of not walking on bike lanes. The bike didn’t look too damaged,but the cyclist learnt not to go too fast (even if it is meant for cyclists only). I’m not sure what the police did,but I’m guessing no one was in the wrong. The mother also learnt to be more responsible. Plus there was an audience to watch what could happen if pedestrians walk on the bike lane. Idk why you would call the police, only put salt on the bruise.. Something similar happened to me a month ago, 45-50 km/h on a hill and someone just jumped in front of me. Good thing I had good enough brakes. Didn't stop completly tho but i could have been a lot worse. On my way to school people do that as well Stupid fuckin French bitch deserved it Moral of the story? Your talking about morals when a little girl got hit she might not even be able to ride a bike let alone identify a cycle lane (which there were no road markings to identify it as a cycle lane) moral of the story dont ride like a douche when theres kids/pedestrians about. Personally, it’s the littles girls fault. That cyclist was on the right lane, yet the girl just had to go onto the bike lane not caring. Would you walk in the middle of the road? No. Simple drama queen of the year 0:50 bonjour motherfucker AhahahahhahahahHahahHhHahHhHhahahahhahaha lmao roflanebalo Ha Dum Girl Why she crying i wouldn't cry if i got hurt pfft So, according to you, if you're driving your car, and a pedestrian is in the way for a moment that gives you okay to hit them? I got the moral of the story.

1. Walk in a lane you're not supposed too.

2. Get hit.

3. Blame the person who hit you and say, """"How could you do such a thing?!""""

I'm learning. (I'm being sarcastic by the way) Don't walk on hike lanes if you are not riding a bike I love how the pedestrians try to blame the biker for riding in the designated area. Ok lets walk in a car lane and get mad when we get hit If i was him id say """"What do u call this? (points the ground) Bicycle Lane right? Are u a bike? No? Why are u here then?
And when a bike hits u u get mad?"""" Yes call me an asshole but I laughed a lil bit Bruh that little girls and the mom are acting like she’s been shot Hahaha I love this, they deserve it for not following the rules I feel bad, but not really.. idk if that means I’m mean or show sympathy for the cyclist bc it is a bike zone and we don’t know if they covered the whole area.. maybe he was going at a pace where he couldn’t stop on time so it could’ve been their fault since the sides are clearly meant for bikes... I mean if you’re in the middle of a sidewalk full of bike riders, what would you expect if your kids are running around that area? But on the other hand, if he drove the wrong lane and didn’t try to look out for them, that’s a different situation..



But if you look closely at 0:57 you can see her right leg is dangling lifeless.. that’s sad. She’s so young 😭



* I meant to say “she” but I’m too lazy to fix it ha ... le frere chiale parce que ca soeur c peter la jambe .... 😂😂😂😂 moi jaurais rigoler 😂 et puis bien fait pour leurs geule c est pour les velo pas les pietons 😈 Dont worry ota the stupid pedestrians fault they shouldnt be on their child and the whole family deserves to get hit. Dumb little kid whore deserved when there’s BICYCLE LANE KEY WORDS BICYCLE LANE you walk on the other lane hop it dosent heal and she’s crippled The mom would let the daughter walk on an airstrip and get shredded to pieces by the plains propellers it turbines Wtf it wrong with those people in the bike lane. I would be cracking up if someone crashed, and don’t say i have no soul because it’s their fault. Unless they were blind I’d help because the can see the bike path. Irresponsible fucking parents! they deserve getting hit and breaking a few bones,it's bike lane and clearly not for pedestrian to walk on. DESERVED BITCH """"How could you do that"""" LMAO LIKE IF SHE DID IT PURPOSLY SMFHHH Poor girl, blame the mother for walking her kids on it. Hmmmm... i wonder people do walk in Car lane also? This was disturbing to watch. She should've broke both of her legs, ahhhh.... I hate kids, like IT IS YOUR FUCKING PROBLEM, i still blame it on the kid tho of course i feel bad for the girl but they were walking somewhere that they dont belong its their fault not the cyclists I feel so bad for that little brother, he must really love his little sister! But honestly just move out of the way of the bikes simple as 1) The pavement near the roadside is pathetic, that's why so many people walking in the bike lane. 
2) Why the cyclist ride so fast when there are lots of people around? This is same as driver drive dangerously fast next to a cyclist on road. Super hero..call the police, fucking loser.. i hate cyclists. stupid mom. take care of ur child, 😠 Don't let ur child run around like a butt, ...And HOW can the mother yell to this person when her child needs to know NOT to run around with bikes around u. THIS is why I hate hate hate babys What a bunch of idiots. It’s their fault she got hurt not the bikers Good for the little girl im glad that happened to her. It teaches them a lesson. I feel bad for the cyclist. She was injured as well but she was still running over and apologizing profusely even though it wasn't even her fault. Meanwhile, the mom was yelling at her like the child had just died. This frustrates me. Stay on your own lane everyone Yooooo that’s sad like that’s terrifying How could YOU do such a thing!? Letting your child walk on the bike lane! Humans aren't bikes lady!!! LOL i'm French








It's not funny I don't feel bad at all, it's their own fault. The bike lane is for BIKES, you shouldn't walk on them Is this guy a cyclist or a phycolist! Moral: slow the fuck down. God I hate children 😂 I know it's not the child's fault but for SOME reason she annoys me too. Qué mejor qué ver a niños llorar y sufrír. I'll be brutally honest. I Fucking hate the attitude of cyclists.  If that was my daughter my god. Well that’s why u should not walk on that lane u dumb dumb Walking in the bike lane is pretty mush identical to walking in the middle of a street! SMH am i supposed to feel sorry for that bitch? because i dont! I don't feel sorry and always pay attention It’s like the pedestrians who like to walk in the middle of the road, at night, with dark clothes on. It’s a roadway, not a pedestrian walkway. If you don’t want to get hurt, stay in designated areas. Thats why.Because you didn't follow the rules BITCH You can’t blame the little girl. It’s the parents fault and maybe the cyclist woman shouldn’t have been going so fast. Poor little girl. Cyclists think they own the place. Get off the fucking bike lane not the bikers fault hOw CouLD YoU dO SucH A ThiNG Я нихуя не понял Moral of the story is: get a driving license! 
Then you don't have to walk or cycle anywhere. 😊 I always make sure not to walk on the bikes lane, however the bikes don't even give a shit about the pedestrian line. I love bikes but there are ignorant people riding bikes too that nearly run me over when they had the bike line right next to them. We all shall stay in our lane. Their fault it they walk in the bycicle lane, and then they say its the bikers faulr, typical stupid people When you hit someone, just pick up your bike and go away. Try to ride intentionally dangerous if your good and quick at reacting as you'll scare many people away from walking there. No need to feel guilty as you're not in the wrong. I've only bumped into someone ones and never again. They were doing the wrong thing but I feel so sad for the little girl i love how you're just watching a meter away like """"damnn..."""" Damn parents fault 
Poor child and cyclist Scientific tests have proven that cyclists are gay and therefore can’t ride in such a fashion that means they don’t hit people. It's their fault. Its the French, they are all Actors :) this is so stupid actually. its a fucking bike lane why even walk there u fucks. Parents don’t know anything it their fault  if I were the bike lady that hit the girl I would be like  you need to get out of the bike lane ya stupid Hits a pedestrian in the wrong lane 
At least the bike is ok. Moral don't be an idiot or a dumb@$$ Worst mom of history loudest crybaby in history most innocent person It’s there fault should have never been is the bicycling lane. Now they have learned there lesson l was.missleading the title. l thought lt was pederast lmao Moral of the story?





Stay in yo lane Lmao Oh fuck off. Cyclists are on sidewalks all the time and cyclists are DICKS the vast majority of the time. Shouldn’t be walkin on the bike lane in the first place That mum is so self-centred wow. Also why did she pick the girl up? If her leg is broken you're only hurting her more by picking her up and moving her. Did she think it'd be best to just fucking carry the kid to the hospital?? No she broke her arm Did the cyclist get in trouble because of this? That's why they call them bike paths for a reason Putain y a vraiment des gens con quand meme Is the bike okay? Karma in their face. They don't have the right to walk there. Qué pasó? They are the ones who wanted to get hit -_- if you plan to walk on the bicycle lane then ofc expect it to be like the road thats for cars wtf Yes keep cycle lane clear but also riders need to slow down when pedestrians are nearby. I blame the family not the woman tbh The fault lies with the parents ... How do they not realize that it is only for bicycles? Make the lanes a different colour and fixed then they LL see it's not a bike lane and can't confuse it with a sidewalk true...people won't stop walking until something bad happen there :3 Walking around longer than cycling! Nothing but trouble causes cyclist! Ingorrant fucks too If she hit my daughter I'd knock her out How the hell did she hit these people? Its a straight lane. Or that little girl came out of nowhere? Sidewalk is for people
Bike lane for bike
Road for car 
Sky for birds and planes
Water for fish and boats. 
Space for spaceships.
Its not hard This accident was totally the parent or kids fault. The bike lane was clearly marked. I honestly don’t feel bad like don’t walk in the bike lane, there’s a sidewalk separate from the bike lane for a reason Just don't walk in the fucking bike lane I never broke a bone but I’m sure it hurts a lot so that little girl braking her leg should be a good enough warning to never walk in bike lanes again Its the pedestrians fault. I was expecting some dumb guy that was hit but that little girl you can't blame her she has to stay with the adult with her and they chose to walk in the bike lane """"How could you do such thing?!"""" You're walking on a f*cking bike path Susan, what did you expect to happen? lol dump bitch It’s not the cyclist fault, they were in the bike lane Did the little girl survive? Lol Wow, i mean you know the risk and you decide to take it and have your kids walk the path too which puts them at risk They need to make it more obvious if people arent getting the message. Why are so many people saying they deserved it...the girl BROKE HER LEG. Is this really where were at? Pretty disappointed in all the immature people here who only spread hate. MAIS ILS SONT STUPIDES IL NE FAUT PAS MARCHER OU IL Y  A DES VÉLOS!!! mais la pauvre fille.. les parenrs sont stupides.. stupid mom Хули они с детьми по велосипедной дорожке гуляют. How are all your comments getting likes Moral: Don’t WALK on a BIKE street. Why The fuck are they walking there. Its their fault. And no one cares about the lady. Respect women. seriously? U’re gonna complain about someone hitting ur child when u’re the one who decides to walk on a lane made SPECIFICALLY for bikes? Sure, logical. You called the cops u pussy? Lmao Stupid girl she shouldn’t of been walking on the cycle path it’s the little girls fault and plus she definitely over reacted That's what the little girl gets for walking in the bike section OMG I live in Virginia Beach and the boardwalk has a bike lane as well. I can guarantee that it is no different here. Pedestrians crowd the bike lane and shoot glares at cyclists riding by. I can't count the number of times I've had to swerve into bushes, poles, off of staircases, and completely ditch my bike to avoid hitting people's children. My friend used a unicycle on the bike lane... is it illegal? Those idiots why were they walking in the bike lane anyway. I’m just gonna go on a train track and get triggered when it hits me .-. For fuck sake you clearly see your daughter with a broken leg and the first thing you think about is to scream at the poor chick that now has to feel guilty while is only your fault. Plus why the fuck is she moving her around like a sack?! Just let her lie down till the ambulance arrives, stupid fuck. She has not only allowed her daughter to get her leg broken but she is also inflicting  her more pain while probably making the fracture worse. That's what they get for walking on the bike lane!♡😒 They say """" stay in your lane , boy"""" maybe the mom should have been watching her kid, and not let her walk in front of a bike lmao People need to learn things like sidewalks and bikers exist You are totally right, but people on byciles were using the pedestrian lane as well when both lanes were clear. Also the paths werent't marked all the way. Anyways both should be more careful. bitj Also cyclist should be constantly vigilant to ensure they can slow down in time for an unexpected situation Twit Idiots 🤣 Fuck the girl, dont walk in bike path Horrible Lol stupid pedestrian your fault lol In my city😩😩 And now,these people still walk there😢 the cyclist  i feel bad for heree😢😢😢😢😢 Moral Lesson:

BREAK THE RULES AND GET WHAT YOU'LL SEE😘 Honestly I blame the parents. Get off the fucking bike lane geez I feel bad for the little girl...😒...but then the lady said “how could you do such a thing” and I was starting to wish she was the one that got run over! CLEARLY IT SAYS FOR BIKES ONLY NOT FOR PEOPLE WITH FOOTS huh? Where i live there is no bike lane so i had to watch out for people but i had to go fast because there was a right turn which made me go down then up after that i turned right again but i was still going fast because my brakes were sprayed by a rust remover so my brakes were slow then out of nowhere a kid came to the middle of the road from behind a car so I panicked and tried to apply my brakes asap but the kid got hit by my knee i tried to explain to his parent or guardian that some thing was wrong with my brakes and i was still slowing my bike down from a turn that made me go down then up but he wouldn't listen and just kept on saying(in filipino)"""" why are you going fast, you know there are children everywhere """" keep in mind the child was three and it was a time where everyone was inside there houses because it was hot out side, I'm still confused why he let a 3 year old child outside all alone where btw cars and motorists would pass by and the kid would be hit by a car if it was a car instead of me because he just appeared out of nowhere merde! That's a bike lane then that family was walking on it, it means that its the family's fault because you don't have a reason to walk on the bike lane the family deserved to get hurt. The cyclist is not in the wrong Notice the sidewalk on the other side of the bushes.... Fuck out the bike lane """"How could you hit this little kid despite the fact that she probably knew she was in the bike lane! You monster hon hon!"""" Goddamnit pedestrian Ppl gotta make room it isn’t the bikers fault ppl in this generation just don’t pay attention anymore it really sucks! People are just so retarded but feel bad ig I would blame them for being dumb people who are in the bike lane. I wouldn't feel that sorry for the girl. That little girl is stupid and so is her parents I feel worse for the biker because she’s getting blamed for hitting the girl when clearly it wasn’t her fault, she is going to have that guilt in her for the rest of her life because of that one stupid little girl , she honestly deserved that she should of known better(the little girl) I mean her brother was a nice brother but the family should not be so mad at the biker, cuz of the little girl the biker got hurt too and no one cared for her what ever I’m done with stupid kids like her The people had it coming. Be alert. Don’t be an idiot and don’t walk in bike lanes BIKE LINES ARE FOR BIKES IF YOU ARE NOT A BIKE THEN THAT IS NOT YOUR LANE C'MON PEOPLE I get why there r yelling at the person who hit there daughter.... BUT YALL ARE DUMB AS FUCK TO WALK IN A BIKE LANE LIKE WHERE IS YOUR LOGIC This happened to me one day my mom was sick, and I was learning how to ride a bike I was around 6ish, then I went on the side loosing control comes a lady and her dog walking, I ran into the lady, and the dog was fine.. It took me awhile to notice her leg was broken but then I looked close and it was all limp and such I laughed b/c it’s there fault they were in the bike lane The drama is strong in the vid. I saw the little girls leg bend omg I cried Maybe stay in the right lanes :l Haha that's what they get. tu parle français Well, mainly I like cycling and I meet some pedestrians on the bike line too. I've almost hit one 2 days ago. That was their fault if they know it's a bike lane then why do u go on it like please this is what u get so don't be yelling at people saying it's their fault when it's clearly yours😑 Bien fait pour elle ʟᴀᴅʏ: ʜᴏᴡ ᴄᴏᴜʟᴅ ʏᴏᴜ ᴅᴏ sᴜᴄʜ ᴀ ᴛʜɪɴɢ?!


ᴍᴇ: ᴅᴀᴍɴ ʟᴀᴅʏ ᴡʜʏ ᴅɪᴅɴ'ᴛ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ʏᴏᴜʀ ᴋɪᴅ ᴡʜᴏsᴇ ᴏʟᴅ ᴇɴᴏᴜɢʜ ᴛᴏ ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴀɴᴅ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ᴏᴜᴛ ғᴏʀ ʙɪᴋᴇs ɪᴛ's ɴᴏᴛ ʟɪᴋᴇ ʜᴇ ᴀᴄᴛᴜᴀʟʟʏ ᴛʀɪᴇᴅ ᴛᴏ ᴋɪʟʟ ʜᴇʀ 🙄 ɪ ᴡᴀs ʀᴇᴀᴅʏ ᴛᴏ ғɪɢʜᴛ 😂 That mother was an idiot for walking her daughter on the bike path anyways!!! And she should have never yelled at that girl!! It’s not her fault the mom didn’t want to follow the rules!!! I can understand you, that’s the same for horses lane! People walk on them and they’re like « careful please I’m scared of horses » but they’re not supposed to be there! Its there own foult People are idiots tbh Sorry, I don't really feel bad for the girl. Tbh, if you walk in a bike lane you probably gonna get hit at some point, so she deserved it. Ok this is kind of the cyclists fault too. It’s just like if a person was walking in the road and gets hit by a car. It’s not safe for the person to be walking on the road but the driver was the one who hit that person and they will be at fault and will get arrested. those pedestrians are retarded They are french i can see it the mother picks up the girl and the man is just watching I bet that girl on the bike got charged just like if you were walking in a street meant for Cars then the person driving the car would get charged but like he said don’t drive in the bike lanes Hope that kid dies of cancer😡🤡 Was is passiert?? Notre pays es composé de pas mal de cons...Vous avez l’air tellement sympa la bas 😭 Watch your fucking kids well it ain't the Biker's Fault.They Made the Bike Lane For the Bikers Only. just saying not to be Rude😊 Thats what you get for being on a bike lane, a broken leg Wtf the parents are so stupid can we get some GG's in the chat I would’ve broken all their legs... morons deserved it you now speed limits is fore bikes to in Hungary there are only 3 bike lines on the whole country. A girl tought she is funny and jumped in front of me to 'prank' me. Her arm and my front wheel broke Fucking stupid girl. I would have ran her over easily causing brain damage. Should be a proper message. That's why you always have to sing the bike lane song:D Just kill the child I'm with ya... prpbably 90% the fault of being in a bike lane as a pedestrian. Keep people out of bicycle lanes... But idk... maybe the bike riders should be a little more competent? Slow down if they need to. That was a long straight away. Cars are forced to share the road woth bikes. Bikes are forced to share their roads with people.  Not much that can he done about it There is a huge """"multi-use"""" path in my town, it's a constant war between peds and bikes, but our bike army is growing and WE WILL OVERCOME. We must secure the existence of our bicycles and a future for bicycling children. Our city just puts a walking lane """"mais madame comment vous avez pu faire ça"""" xD elle a pas fait exprès la madame j'pense Welp, teaches them a lesson It wasn't the biker's fault! It was the family's Fault! They know its a bicycle lane made FOR BIKES. People these days are too retarded 0:55 looks like a wet noodle That girl is so retarded! She is on the bike lane and just gets hit and then I bet the cyclist gets a fine or something when he didn't even do anything wrong ,but I know it was a accident * sigh * .... BIKE LANE NOT SIDEWALK It was the parents fault. they should have realized it was for bikers, not people. One time I was walking on a SIDEWALK and got ran over by a bike. Worst pain I’ve ever experienced in my life, and broke my rib and leg. Couldn't the mother just not be a dumbass and tell her child to move out or get hit? This is just bad parenting, she's trying so hard to not accept the blame. Pause at 0:57 and look at her leg and at 0:54 Once my cousin ran over my sister with her bike and my mom told my sister to walk it off and my cousin to put the bike away but i was laughing my ass off cuz my sister didn't cry but scream and got mad at my cousin who was also laughing and my aunt was yelling at my cousin too Thats what the girl gets LOL That must of been Québec. Well sucks to be her Wow clearly these people want to be bikes. I MEAN “how could you” ARE YOU A BIKE LADY?!!?!?! """"oh let's walk in a bike lane even though my family could get hurt""""

Cyclist ancidentally runs over little girl and trys to help

""""How could you do such a thing?!""""

Like, the parents chose to walk on the bike path and then they blame the cyclist?? She put her family in danger!! The mother deserved to be hit not the girl, stupid ass bitch get your kids off the bike lane, i cant believe people actually do this, where i come from bike lanes are strictly respected and are used by cyclists only! “How could you do such a thing?” Wtf u mean? You guys were walking on the bike path don’t get mad I get it that this is only for cyclists.. but do you really need to crash into a kid and not slow down if you see people in front??? Is that mother trying to blame the cyclist?! Bitch. Stupid people that see that that is a bicycle lane and still walk there but then pedestrians get hurt and they blame the people that are in there right spot Her crying is hilarious I feel bad and I don’t feel bad. I don’t because you shouldn’t be walking in the lane, and I do because that poor little girl broke her leg. And you can see bikes coming down on the pedestrian lane But its a BIKE LANE how is it my fault when you hit me with your bike i dont get it Come on little girl it’s a bike lane . Silly goose """"Trying to call the police"""" for real. An ambulance is needed. Not the fucking cops at first It is also the fault of the cyclist. Why doesn't he slow down? Why is he so fast, Why doesn't he take care? 
And by the way. As if cyclists would stay on their way. I never laughed so hard xdstupid parents That’s why you fuckin don’t walk in the fucking bicycle lane the actual fuck tho it’s the fucking parents fault seriously tho the fuck? Stoopid girl she is so  stupid do you need your ears cleaned or eyes checked she only broke her leg😐 Well it's there flair never walk at the bike path so they learned a leasion In those situations the cyclist is always right, almost no matter what, he’ll be right as long as he follows his rules Why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own






It is two tired y not separate bike lanes and pedestrian lanes instead of having them side by side?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? The brother has only realized that because of his sister, he can no longer drive to Phantasialand. Nan mais en même tant c’est la faute de la mère, surveille ta  gosse ou tient la par la main quand y’a des vélos, mais après vient pas te plaindre, Ok they she didn’t shoot her it was there own fault and there teaching there children that What do you think about cyclist who are obstacles for bikers and divers?? In my opinion is more dangerous a cyclist on the road than 100 pedestrians on a cycling lane. I've seen that shit sooo many time...people are just sooo stupid and selfish its worrying. I feel sorry for the kid because her parents are the idiots but when you're walking there its your fault if you get hit simple as that. And then this bitch has the audacity to scream at cyclist smh it's her own fault though wait   let me repeat that it's her mum's fault that's a bike path lol La meuf elle est conne elle blâme le cycliste alors que c'est sa fille qui marchait sur la voie du vélo je trouve pas sa très intelligent Why, why ,that shows you how stupid people can be and then they get hit because the listen to the rules Why is there no lane divider on the walk? It makes it easier for people to see the divide. When people are in the cycling lane I just beep at them till they move out. I maintain stubbornness There is the parent wrong cuz she is too small for think if bike is coming or not!!! Oh yeah and her legs are bent, they aren’t broken it’s so stupid And the cyclist was hurt too, because of people being stupid. I guess my reactions harsh because of personal experience but shame on those frickin stupid pedestrians and the little cry baby That’s so pathetic of the pedestrians tbh, it makes me so mad at their reaction. I seriously don’t care that the girl broke her leg, it’s their fault bc bikes are hard to stop, they are stupid and don’t respond like anyone to this comment if you don’t think it’s right because I’m sayin the truth ok No hate towards any of these but
how retarded you are to walk on BICYCLE LANE WITH A DAMN CHILD AND EXPECT TO NOT BE HIT


WTF PEOPLE 1) why mother take the doughter when she has a brojen leg?!? That is the wrong way, it's careless! 
2) why u first call the police, when she need an ambulance fast?!? I don't give a shit
That's for bikes only stupid people! Oh yea, i walk in the middle of the street all the time and if i get hit i sue they asses The kid is probs over reacting drama queen fucking deserved If i were him ...I wouldn't just watch her crying dramatically ..I would have given her a good offensive speech ... She deserved it tho 😂😂😂😂 Thats not a story... It was an incident... Ok we dont walk on bike paths and you dont ride on pavements and run red lights fair enough, no, thought not, cunts Wow.. 2013 Why the hell are they walking in the lane ONLY FOR BIKES anyway Throwing a tantrum much wouldnt have happend if the kid was out the fucking way Yeh the pepole down there can be assholes and bringing your kid onto a bike path like what the fuck Lmao fucking idiots. Of course they're from Montréal. Might as well let the kid walk on the side of a highway, maybe she'll blame the car that fucks her daughter up. Why isn't the cycle lane border continuous? Surely that would be ample warning for pedestrians? This one looked pretty clearly signed from the direction you came, so i believe your stance is very justified. I recently went to netherlands and felt like i better understood why people accidentally walk in bike paths sometimes. I often found it hard to know exactly what was a bike path and what was a footpath, some were signed well but some had no indication at all- sometimes i wasn't even sure i was on a road for cars until one appeared. I tried to be observant all the time, but was caught out at times. I wonder if pedestrians would be in front of bikes less if bike paths were painted a different color? they shouldn't have been walking in the bicycle lane, those people r in the wrong! Great Lesson for them I hate cyclists everyone should be wary regardless of what lane they're in but seriously there's kids!! those adults should've been more cautious and told the kids to get the fuck out of the bike lane. my mom always says """"the car can't always see you"""" (or in this case, the bike) and that even if you have """"more rights"""" as a pedestrian, you should still be fucking careful since moving vehicles can't stop or dodge quickly sometimes At 0:55 to 0:56 you can see the girls right ankle swing the wrong way.. In my country, there was no different between pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle paths. They use them together. kill the piece of s*** bicyclist I’m English so don’t know but I know Canada speaks French but do ppl who speak French know English how does someone go about do all Canadians know English and French I’m glad she broke leg Wow did you see that little girl’s leg?! That thing was fractured, you could see it wobbling around when her mother picks her up 0:55



But fo clarify, i think that it was the mothers fault and not the bikers. Yes I do feel bad that the little girl got hit and broke her leg, but got really should not be having your child in the bike lane. It can be mistaken for a sidewalk, but you can clearly see the bike sign on it. I wish it didn’t have to be a little girl, and I am hoping she was okay. Don’t go blaming the person riding the bike though lady, you were the one who put the poor girl in the bike lane Bicycle lane doesn't exist This is the people's fault because they were on a BIKE ONLY LANE! YEESH C'MON PEOPLE I KNOW YOU CAN READ SIMPLE SIGNS! ( I just hope the best for those who still walk on those bicycle lanes😔) Did she died? Ooh wow she broke her leg. Bitch I had pneumonia and a snapped arm at the same time when I was 3. Omfg that is why YOU DON'T go into a bike lane. oml """"Comment vous avais pu faire ça""""
C'est vous, vous faites quoi la ! 😐 The mom probably wasnt watching that little girl anyways Vive Montréal esti Me rei con este video :'( I have a heart but I don’t feel bad that she got hit, it’s called a bicycle path for a reason, it’s specifically made for bikers so things like this don’t happen. Even if that girl is little and doesn’t know any better the parents should know NOT to walk on a bicycle path.... simple as that Maybe if the dumbass mother realized it was a bike path and not a place to walk then the littler girl wouldn’t have broken her leg. It’s not the bikers fault. There is a sidewalk for a reason They didn't care of the bike is coming towards it's their fault ppl didn't care so that's why the kid is hit It’s called a bike lane for a reason. bike lane there is no such thing, you share the lane, what do you think you are? hello I am from chile translate this hahahaha the lady was very bad averido by the ciclovia hahaha like 👍 Bitch as all mad too i think that i have a problem because i started to laugh ... """"How could you do such a thing!""""

Wouldn't have happened if you actually walked where you were supposed to instead of walking like cattle all over the bike paths 👏 0:55 you can really see that her leg is broken o.O Well French ppl are blind as a bat anyway lol It’s there fault lol """"How could you do such a thing?""""
Me: you're fault... Genius... Omfg thats what she get People need to learn Poor girl It was the families fault I really don't care one bit of that little girl. The poor cyclist is upset because she thinks it's her own fault, well it's not like the guy said simple don't walk in the fucking bicycle lane The fucking pedestrias would have to have prohibited to walk in bicycle lines You’ve got to realise that humans aren’t the strongest thing in the world so at some point in life you will get hurt Physically and mentally. Also there were tons of bicycles there so I don’t understand how she didn’t see the lady on the cycle. I’m not trying to side with anyone but both people are hurt. The person on the bike is most likely to get more hurt as they are on an object. But both could seriously be injured so just don’t walk on a bike lane. Kids used to be tough. Now they need to be carried away after being tapped by a bicycle. I don't blame the bicyclist. Unspoken rules are just as. Cmon it wasn't the womens fault that a 8 yo girl walked on the bycicle lane and probobly was playing with her brother and didn't notice that there wee things around her... The moment when I realized that the girl broke her leg :| It's the family's fault Cyclists complain about pedestrians in bike lanes then ride in the road getting in the way of motor vehicles and tell them to """"share the road"""". Hypocrites. Smh wow call police for everything uh? My legs suddenly lose it and feel pain when I see the girl’s broken leg As you know, People are ruining the country. Exactly they accident due to walking bicycle lane. Thanks for making this video Lemme swim in a place where those 300 km jets go and in the middle of the race I with swim and if I get hit...the very next day hey fab imaa kill ya Sees the girl who got hit with the bike.
WALK IN THE CAR LANE DUMB ASS ughh so annoyinggggg but i kinda feel bad... I DON'T KNOW THIS FEELING OGM Stupid family on the cycle lane it's there fault Well...its not the biker's fault :< Holly shit Come to the netherlands you can hit people here if there walking in the bike lane and then say get out of the way and other people cant say anithing to you bq they are wrong Tbh I really don’t feel sorry So, if I hit a person walking in the Bike Only Lane, do I get a point? 😂 OOF HER LEG WAS FUCKED UP. YOU SEE THAT SHIT JUST SWING IN WAYS IT SHOULDN'T SWING AS THE MOM CARRIES HER AWAY. SOME HARRY POTTER BROKEN ARM TYPE SHIT. AWE HELL NO. Stupid muthafukas Good for her shock le blue You cyclist can’t talk you are all over the road for fuck sake you don’t even use the bike paths half of the time so you can’t talk Just a fucken leg leg I broke mine twice when I was five big deal You're in the bike lane This goes for all the bicyclists on the road as well. You want cars to share the road yet most of you don't even adhere to the laws of the road. I've seen so many bikers blow through stop signs and ignore red lights. Why was the biker getting yelled at? They were walking in the bike lane, after all. I understand the girl was seriously hurt, but Jesus, can’t you at least walk in the right lanes? I accidentally hit a teen who was running twords me in the bike path and she broke her nose and her mum or sister laughed historically yelling """"TOLD YOU NOT TO RUN KN THE BIKE LANE BAHAHAHAHAHA!!!"""" Here in the USA, we are much more egalitarian, and have mixed use paths, for walkers, bicycles, joggers, dog walkers, skaters, and roller bladers all to share.  I don't like Canada.  If President Trump said we were going to attack Canada, I would say, """"donate my entire tax refund to it."""" Who cares about that little bitch girl Pedestrians fault because the bike lane is for bikes its like *walks in place reserved for bikes and gets hit and gets mad when I was about six years old I was with my mum and a bike hit me and I went underneath the front wheel and he just carried on and biked off before my mum could even talk to him, I don’t understand how some people can be like that, and i was stood on a pathway for pedestrians. “How could you do such thing”,first of all, its not her fault,the people should move even if the bike is the back hear them if there calling you saying “please move out of the way’. Yea let me just call the cops instead of the ambulance Lemme go in the middle of a highway and see what happens. Like no.I feel bad for that little girl but it’s her fault for walking in the bike lane and it’s her parents fault for not watching where the hell their going. I bet the woman with the bike felt guilty :P That woman was so annoyed and i can understand but jeez, it's called a 'bike lane' for a reason. That was just waiting to happen! I would citate Fernando Alonso, KARMA once i avoid a whole family and taook the shit out of me on the floor and gues what, yes the got mad to me Bad things happen when u wear crocs Stupid parents that can't even make sure their kids aren't going on the bike path. Not the cyclist's fault, just the parents fault. HOLY FUCK SHE BROKE HER LEG? 
IM JUST SCREAMING BECAUSE I WHEN I REALIZED IT WAS TOO LATE Yeye and you get the fuck away from car lanes.. stupid kid I’ll just walk in a place im not supposed to and if I get hit by Some1 I Will be mad.🤦🏼‍♂️
The only 1 rightfull to complain is the biker. I bet she would let her daughter walk on an airport runway
And still blame the pilot I bet she would let her daughter walk on an airport runway
And still blame the pilot I bet she would let her daughter walk on an airport runway
And still blame the pilot Children usually don't know any better, but damn that mother should. They shouldn’t be blaming the biker because that’s the biking lane It’s stupid how they would walk in the bicycle lane. Like it’s reserved obviously for bikes not for walking. Her: hOw CoUlD yOu Do SuCh A tHiNg



Me: bitch please, it's YOUR fucking fault. It's the bike lane ffs do you have no eyes? There's legit a sign on the ground. If it wasn't for your dumb fucking mind your daughter would not be hit. 


(I feel sorry for the daughter and son, the daughter actually got hit and broke her leg. I also feel sorry for their blind mother.) “How could you do such a thing?” 

I don’t know how could you walk in the bike path when you know your not supposed to? Natural selection, if you are dumb, you deserved to be taken by the law and nature. The little girl and her mom are wrong I mean... its thier fault...... they didnt listen to signs and rules..... i mean.... karma😂😂😂 Serves them right Fuck that kid What about roller blade lady? Is she OK to go in bike lanes?

I seriously want to see what folks think about it. it is very sad that they'll have to learn it the hard way...
i'm glad that i haven't hurt anyone seriously up till now, i worked as a postie on an antique, heavy bicycle and when you get hit by that with the panniers filled to the rafters it is like getting hit by a moped.
i still use this kind of bicycles, it's a terrific workout.... Is the bike ok? We have the opposite problem here in California: skateboarders and bicyclists riding on sidewalks. The bikers have a bell they ring when they are coming up behind you so they don't have to slow down, but what I were deaf and couldn't hear the bell? Would the biker just run me down because I didn't get out of the way? That girl that was hit Kida deserves it and her family was just mad at the lady just because she hit there daughter. If I was the lady I would be mad at them because they are walking were you are supposed to bike not walk Your moral of the your story is STUPID.
Im a bicyclist and still have to slow down and watch where I am going.
Share the path, slow down, and stop if you have to. Moral :Don’t have stupid people walk on bike lanes.. unless you wanna break your leg.. Did the mother just say to the woman “how could u do such a thing” because if she did then wtf it’s not like the cyclist meant to run over her daughter none of that would have happened if they had taken the path meant for people to walk on not the cycling path Pedestrians always have the right of way! And even if they don't do you really need to run into them? when you can see them clearly far away and had plenty of time to avoid hittimg them. Cycles are faster and more moble. Simple there is no excuse for hitting pedestrians unless it's a last second jump in your way kind of accident. I hate when people are complaining cyclists ride bike on the sidewalk but pedestrians are walking on bike path her leg was wiggling. that was a definite break. poor girl, but it's not the cyclists fault. lovely day out You know you have a good brother when he cried for you having a broken leg THIS IS RACIST! BIKERS ARE INTOLERANT I BLAME TRUMP I don’t feel one bit of sympathy for that little girl. It’s her fault, and the fact the mother is accusing the cyclist for hitting her is absolute bull. Ma’am you’re the one who let your idiot of a daughter walk on the bike lane. What did you expect, she won’t get hit? Oh well that’s too bad, she did get hit anyway. It’s like a biker in a car lane, Someone is bound to get hurt. That’s the kids fault. Not the cyclist AT ALL. she's broken her leg by walking in the wrong place, she's not fucking dying jesus christ... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Is that Montreal? Beautiful I’ve been there Why are idiots even in the bike lane, your just asking for you or someone you love to get hit and not to forget that she said """" how could you do such a thing"""" listen dingus its not like it was on pourpse STAY OFF THE BIKERS AREA AND YOU WOULDN'T HAVE THESE ISSUE'S....dear lord. Blame the mother Ok I mean it was there fault fo walking there.....but I hope the little girl is ok poor bike I'm glad she got hit Broke her leg huh well ....my best friend is paralyzed and in the hospital after being hit by bus


Kill me the mother is an absolute idiot. YOU ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO WALK IN THE CYCLIST LANE. WHY WOULD YOU DO SUCH A THING

Um lady your the one walking in the bike lane I want to slap the ignorant ass mother, she made the cyclist seem like it was her fault when clearly it was hers I almost cycled over a couple of kids that were playing on the bicycle lain  and they were fake punching people. So attetion parents! Watch your kids and don't let a kid of 10 watch their 5 year old brother of sister. In my city we have the same problem. And what's even more ironic is that it's a very large lane which is divided into two parts - one for cyclists and one for pedestrians. Needless to say the pedestrian one is larger. Yet you get pedestrians walk on the fucking bike lane. When a pavement is right next to it. My boyfriend was once so close to hurting himself, an old lady and her dog. She was in the middle of the lane with the dog on a leash and the leash was blocking both of the lanes because the dog was on the other side. I really hate some pedestrians. Well she deserved it I’ll be laughing 😂.     Btw I have a cold heart Stupid woman her fault her daughter broke her leg,,hope the little girl is better You can’t trust the system I feel bad for the kid, she was just following her parents, so it's her parents' fault she got hit. Ha shame I stupid people these days can't use there brain right I feel sorry for the little girl cus its clearly not really her fault its her dumb ass parents they should know better -_- so shame Fuck pedestrians mate. Aye, fucking twats is what they are. you should've said it is a biking lane they would have been pissed because boohoohoo their daughter broke her leg In London it happens all the time it sucks and when we get hit on road it's cyclists fault to be on the road but, bike lanes are full of people sometimes I can't even cycle on a footpath 😓 From the looks of it that path needs much better signage on entrances and the ground. It is an instant karma instant justice thing she didn't need to walk on a bike path. You was the only one who stopped and wanted to help the other ones were looking only and did nothing Totally deserved Yo Canada is a weird ass place Lmfao “How could you so such a thing” come on u dumbass I going to walk in the bus lane next time and sue the bus company for hitting me lol 
OR when I see the bus coming for me I’ll EAT IT! 😂😂😂 Idiot French family Well it is designated for cyclist them people I swear The irony is many cyclists hog roads too and then get hit by cars. I guess this may educate those people. if that girl really broke her legs on that single bicycle hit like that then her bones are fragile like a glass, my 5 years old sister hit by 4 bicycle riders riding on a utility bike, and its more heavier than this bike in the video and my sis got a 2 scratch on her legs and her neck but I see her head hit by the handle bar and her legs got stuck in the chain I thought she get squished by full grown adult in the pavement she stand quickly and cry like my momma whoop her, she doesn't have a single broken bones and she never confined in the hospital, just bondage and later that day she plays with her friends like nothing happen That little girl stupid af he spelled hitting wrong. The parents need to look after their children better. Bike lanes are for bikes. People should stay on the footpath! I mean it's clearly not the cyclists fault. The little girl was most likely running across the path and wasn't being sensible. Even when I first started biking, people would be in my way. I nearly hit a little girl once because she kept swerving left and right. Her sisters came an yelled at me and we had to leave because they would not stop. People just dont care anymore and think It’s all about them Shouldn't be walking on the bike lane then. That child annoyed me ! Good. The family learned a damn lesson Guess what. I don't care that you broke your elbow. Parents fault, stay off the bike path simple as that. How could u do such a thing u think she tried? It was an accident u need to keep your kids in the right lane so u or they dont get hit! Can u get this to 10 likes plz I think it was the people fault i mean they were walking in the wrong lane If u didn't want a broken leg GET ON THE OTHER FUCKING SIDE DUMBASS!!!!!
sorry And yet still you can see even more people walking down the lane afterwards. No lesson was learnt. Well there wasn't a pavement and people were walking that way to get somewhere What the fuck that bitch made me so mad when she had a go at the woman like it was her fault like fuck off you were walking in the wrong lane It’s Montreal...not surprised Would you walk in the bike lane That was actually THEIR fault. They shouldn’t have walked in the bicycling lane. righfully deserved for that lille shitkid. bruh the mom of the little girl,  i can understand why she yelled, but it’s her fault for just walking on the bike path 🙄 Here in America, we'll occasionally have a """"bike path"""" but it's about as wide as a road and it's made for both walkers and bikers, it doesn't really lead anywhere, just fot exercise. It may be different in other areas, I'm talking about one specific path. Plus the path is extremely wide for both bikers and walkets to fit in Move ... Out of... The BIKE LANE Don’t act like you can’t stop your bike or something. It’s just a bike. It’s not motorized. You are fully capable of coming to a stop. So when you see people ahead slow down. Or stop or whatever. Maybe you should pick a less busy time of day. Oh look...what's that just over there? A SIDE WALK FOR PEOPLE ON FOOT!!!! Roads carry too many dangers for cyclists, sidewalks are where pedestrians should be. If you're going to be negligent of WHY a bike lane is for a BIKE I honestly think the blame is on the pedestrian. Same way if I am crossing the street and not paying attention and get hit. Who's fault is that? Mine for being in the road like a Dodo Bird? Or the car for not being able to accommodate my intrusion? Use common sense people geez... i hate kid She got hit with a bike 
Not a car 
Relax Wasnt the parents fault then for letting the girl In the bike path Don’t feel to bad it is sad but they new they couldn’t be their Kid: Hey biker!

Biker: Aye yo kid watch out dude!!!!!!

Kid: Breaks leg 

Biker: Aye man I told you to move Ultimately it's up to the cyclists to avoid hitting pedestrians. They may venture into cycle lanes but you still have to adjust your speed to avoid collision when they're about. That poor little girl would have been in much pain and shock not to mention how the mother would have felt. Serves that brat and the parents for walking on incoming traffic. @$$hole.. did you not see the bikers on the pedestrian side😒 you don’t see pedestrians walking in the middle of the highway? What makes it so different walking in the middle of a bike lane. 0:55 I think her leg was swinging around lol Why police not and not an ambulance??? Seriously? How about you take your biking a little less seriously and go somewhere else. It’s a kid... whether it’s marked or not, pedestrians always have the right of way.. Dumbasses still standing in the lane The mom was yelling at the biker and I mean like it was your fault that you and your family were literally walking in the bike lane. I feel bad for the biker not the girl I would laugh tbh The bicycle lane should be clear all the way along. There is no white line from then onwards so how would people know? Don’t you think that little girl and her mum just overreacted just a lil bit? It's all her parents fault well those pedestrians were kinda dumb well don't fucking walk on the bike lane It doesn’t look like she got hit, Your seemed so far and then she just broke down.? should be titled pedestrian hits cyclist Don't fucking walk in a bicycle lane though. It’s the parents fault for even walking there You Can't blame who was driving the bike.But I feel sorry for the kid. “How could you do such a thing” How could you stay of the bike lane? If people have brain they know that.....so dumb Its not the cyclist fault. Its theirs. Its their fault who walked on the WRONG path when THEY ARE NOT SUPPOSE TO People fuck their bikes up and thier bodies because of these fuckers. As cyclist have to do sudden reactions by turning left and crashing. On top of that they then try to sue you I feel bad for the cyclist getting accused there was like 5 people there, surely one of them was getting hit ffs. And they all covered the bike lane too I love how the kids Dad doesn't say a word as he knows it's thier own fault well .. when i was watching this I didn't give a fvck but he is right they shouldn't even be walk in on the bike lanes and look now the own mother made her own daughter go thru such a pain In our country,
Their fault for being in a bicycle lane
You pay for the hospital bill Poor little girl K dont fucking walk on bike lanes They are idiots for walking IN A FRICKIN BIKE LANE 😡🔥🤬 Why are they yelling at the bicyclists like its her fault when it was the pedestrians fault for being dumb and going on the bike lane. there's a pedestrian lane for a reason...It's the parent's fault for the kid's injured. """"How could you do such a thing!?"""" Your in the bike lane! If you get hit is it truly the bike riders fault? That was clearly the irresponsible parents fault not the cyclist🙄🙄 Dip shits shouldn’t have been in the fucking lane ppl need to fucking learn to read she deserved it I hate people who are like that If I was the brother I would be like """"it was her fault for being an idiot"""" They should make it ALL pedestrian so people don't have to worry about self absorbed cyclist assholes ramming into kids. There's other places bicycles can be Theres a park in my town that has a area maker for wheeled vehicles only people walk in it all the time. Poor little girl, bikes are like cars and you don't just walk in the road do you? Or maybe you knob head cyclists should slow down when there's a risk as you all seem to expect cars to do.. Fucking hypocrites. Comment section is full of you idiots as are the roads everywhere now Haha next cyclist to cut me off on a street without a bike lane. I'll just mow them down and blame them. Sounds fair and inline with cyclists thinking if this isn't a perfect example of karma IN THE NETHERLANDS WE SAY, """"TIFFUS EVEN OP"""" The mother should have kept out of the bike lane. It's exactly like standing in the middle on a street thinking you won't get run over by a car. Control the kid and get a grip on the surroundings the biker slowed down but didn't want to fall and break his/her own leg. Now if the mom and kids were on the sidewalks like the rest of us that would have never had happened. Lol. I hate people like this get your brain dead famliy out of the bike lane So the girl hurted she's leg, bc she was walking on cyclist way? And the cyclist too hurted? I feel bad for the kids. Yes, kidS (brother and sister) . Their parents are idiots. If it wasn't for their stupid logic on where to walk, neither of their children would have gotten hurt so stop making the innocent cycler feel bad for cycling into your daughter. Get a life AND A MOTHERFUCKING BRAIN IT WAS THE MOTHERFUCKING PARENT'S FAULT FOR NOT TAKING CARE OF THEIR FUCKING CHILDREN!!!! DON'T TRY AND BLAME PEOPLE WHO ARE FOLLOWING THE RULES FOR SAFETY INSTEAD OF BLAMING YOURSELF ALTHOUGH THE RULES ARE CLEAR AND EASY TO FUCKING FOLLOW!!!!! JUST FUCKING WALK ON THE SIDEWALK IDIOTS. IT'S A sideWALK. THIS IS A CYClING ROUTE MADE FOR CYCLING. NOT FOR IDIOTS LIKE YOU TO STROLL AROUND IN! If They Werent So Dumb Walking On Bike lanes Then his or hers sister wouldnt have gotten hurt and when they get hit theyll say Why would u do such a thing but its their fault not the cyclist This happened to me before and I got hit by an Australian biker and it was at the beach and I slid right into the pavement but I was not walking on the bike lane and he just slammed right into me Why does the brother cry over a broken leg like someone just died. Its just a leg pedestrians are some of yhe biggest fucking threats on the roads
entitled and stupid and skating by on the concept of """"pedestrians ALWAYS have right of way"""" (which is false)

theyre about as bad as customers who think theyre always right and entitled to free shit lol More people who walk in the bike lane need to get their legs broken, then less will walk in the bike lanes.  It's a shame it had to be a child though. It's not the bikers fault it'd the families fault for being in the way how stupid are they like? Then the mom how could you do such a thing? i would fire back :your child was in the way !!! Don't go blaming it on me !!! Move out of the way I am truly sorry but let this be a lesson for your kids!!!! I may sound a bit mean for saying this but what do they expect if the walk in a path which is clearly meant for bikes she kinda got what she deserved The only way to solve this problem is for the police to start enforcing the law, give tickets and word will spread quickly. At least then maybe we wont hear """"how could you do such a thing"""" when they still walk in the bike lane. Yesssssss,vive le Québec!!! Look on his arm there's a tattoo but on the other photo it's click bait This is why pedestrians should not be on bike paths. Even though it looks clear they could be behind you and they do ride fast. I live in Santiago City and I have the same problem. People always jump at me saying it is my fault for going too fast in the bike lane. Even some people get involved in supporting the pedestrians and always calling the cops. Its too bad that the kid had to break her leg, but hopefully the retarded bitch of a mother realizes her mistake. 
Doubt that though seeing as she said """"How could YOU do this?"""" Sheesh i wanted to slap her so hard. 0.01  m How fucking stupod are they saying how could you do sutch a thing get out of the fucking bike lane you stupid woman im satisfied to  Hear the screams and cries of the little girl, She got what she deserved I hope she has leg problems for the rest of her life Stupid parents the only people at fault are the parents It's just as likely that cyclists will be taking up more room than they should on the road, someone make a video on that Lmao the kid had me dying If I were you I would literally tell them that they are in the bycicle path. people these days.... reading the comments really reinforces what a bunch of assholes bikers are. idiot cyclists! this is a bike lane so I am going to run over a little girl and break her leg. it is not my fault. they were in my way. not to be mean or anything... but if there's a clear blockage of people cant you like ... get off the bike/slow down and just tell them kindly bike trails are there for a reason?
when i was a kid everyone used little bells on their bikes you could ring so people would gtfo of your way 

NOT SAYING BIKERS ARE WRONG DONT GET ME WRONG, I NEVER RODE A BICYCLE IN A BIKE TRAIL- I mean i understand thats it is a Bike lane, but you know, keep ya eyes open Les piétons sur le trottoir et les cycliste sur les piste cyclable, et tout le monde sera safe. I really dont feel bad for that child The thing is if you are aware that pedestrians use the cycle path (even if they shouldn't) then surely ones speed should be edited accordingly as you would if you were a driver in a pedestrian heavy zone, say in a city or near a school. I have a canal path near myself that is not specifically for bikes but some do speed along it without any warning to pedestrians and that just seems like an accident waiting to happen. Specifically when there are unpredictable factors like children or dogs involved. I hope she's alright. I would have said """"and this is why it's a bike only lane"""" karma att its finest i thought that little kid broke her neck, but it was only her leg . Good she and her parents will learn how to follow rules (: Cyclists ride in car lanes so reciprocating ...and bike riders are also predestrians. ....and bike lanes are a privilege  so  get over it...bloody cyclists...no respect....some ride like they have a stick up their butt...and some say glad the person..in this case a little girl was hit so that will teach pedestrians a lesson..wtf..are you for real ......to break a leg.....how the hell fast was the bike going.  Bike ruders being so mature ...NOT. no wonder bike riders have lost public respect. Shit for brain.😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😘😂😂morons. KEEP THE FUCK OUT OF THE BIKE LANE PEOPLE Lmaoooooooo idiots Hope that daughter has to loose a leg or her parents get some type of bug cause IT'S A FRIGEN BIKE LAIN ARE PEOPLE STUPID THERE'S PROBS A SIGHT SAYING bikes only God some people are idiots Stupidit pedestrians! They think can walk whereever! Maybe you should learn how to ride a fucking bike tf Ben what a pussy boi Idiot blonde bitch """"Madame! Comment avez vous pu faire ca?!?""""

Et bien, c'est un accident qui devait arriver QUAND VOUS FAITES PAS ATTENTION À VOS GAMINS!! Haha lol stupid girl got what she deserved Aw god, I know the girl was being foolish for going into a bike lane, but hearing those cries just hurts. I can't stand that stuff. I'm sad now.😢 Bike lane in dc are on the street but people still decide to walk and stand there, even it’s THE STEET ! the side are literally bigger than the bike lane too. This girl gets hit and then when she is in her moms arms, she acts dead. In Britian or at least the part I live in there are very little bike paths and cyclists are expected to ride on the road. good Is it bad that I’m glad one of them got hit lol like maybe now that little girls ignorant family won’t walk in a fucking bike lane. Hahahahaha They are walking in a bicycle lane and there is literally a path on the other side of the bush! I feel sorry for both, the biker and the girl, her mother did horrible parenting. She didn't take proper care for her child. Fucking idiots, hope they have a bad day Dumb kid i dont know why but, i really like the title, its straight foward and simple lmao Some people are so selfish and dumb. You're in the BIKE lane, please get off the BIKE lane, please move out of my way.. https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ehh8ZdIMMj4 So true oof Fault of the family Why does everyone say it is a bike lane, no way that is reserved only for bikes. Bike need to slow down to match the other traffic on wlaking path. Oh no poor Leslie broke her leg cause her fatass got on tha way and little Jimmy cried oh fuck off please Its just a """"bike lane"""" not a god given right to plow through anybody in your way...ever ride bike on pedestrian lane? how many stop signs do you go through? You don't fuck with us cyclists. It’s their fault that their daughter got hit. I swear some people are dumb asses To all the cyclists if there is a pedestrian in the bike lane than ring your bell and if they dont move then just hit them The French really are pussies lol she broke her leg Haha frenchies are so silly I’m actually glad she got hurt it shows that they shouldn’t be walking in a bike path they have sidewalks for a reason idiots dumbass parents Dumb pedestrians Typical French. Remember in London the cyclist got real mad and got all contact information to cover any damages for bike in a similar situation today a dog was in the driving path, luckily I braked fast or i slip over the poor dog Je suis desole

That’s all I can say in French Theres little to NO public education of Bike paths so there's no awareness. Theres also no enforcement so to everyone, theres no such thing as bike paths.
Don't blame pedestrians because I can bet you they simply are not aware. Yes yes, people are that naive and frankly stupid. The fault falls significantly on the government. They failed to educate people. Drama action detected Bike line in Poland https://youtu.be/7xeb92fKbcQ There is a side walk like 3 feet away I pray incompetence isn't hereditary. stupid mom for letting her kid go there You could show this footage to the city council and put a stop to people walking in the bike lanes If I do end up in the cycle lane, (say because it's busy and I can't walk behind my family/friends because they consider that rude) I'm always on the lookout and staying aware of people and cyclists, plus they should have bells to warn pedestrians """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Said the retarded thot. Lol i drive my bike in the Middle of the high way  for real
It’s been like 6-8 years sense the last accident Now bikers know how drivers feel when cyclists act entitled on the road. Fuck these shitholes Like 10 years ago when i was younger i ran with my big fucking heavy mountain bike into a old lady ON A SIDEWALK and almost killed her lmao This kid and all this family should be killed by car or something The girl got a lesson Morons There’s literally a sidewalk right on the other side of the bushes. “Yeah let’s just take the path with a bunch of bikers and biking symbols” :0 Parents fault not the little girls feel bad for her People are honestly so ignorant like it’s clearly a bike lane not walking lane so honestly I don’t feel bad for these people That parent said “Why could you do such a thing” but it is totally her fault and the biker that hit her should not have any hate once so ever if I was there I would say to the bike person “People walking on bike lanes are stupid, that girl was just a fucking idiot, she should not be here and if she wants to keep her child safe maybe she should have an open mind and GET THE HELL OUT OF THE BIKE LANE” this video has got me triggers and how fucking stupid the kids mother was on making that choice. here and see the boy crying if that was my little sister i would be like good god damb i am so glad i am the youngest in my family i hate kids crying no offense lmao It’s their fault That little girls fault Its their fault, so they shouldn't be like """" how could you do such thing?"""" Whys she saying how could u do that when she shiuld say that too hurself get a life Fuck bicyclist. Think they own everything The moral of the story is, cyclist should not be allowed to ride in the city. Stay to the country roads paths. And btw the driving laws imply to you as well, if you see a pedestrian you should stop regardless if you are right or wrong!!! What a lil bitch, should've run over her again Move bitch, get outta the way I'm really not surprised it was a kid! As a person who bikes everyday I can vouch for the person riding that hit the kid. They are absolutely carless of their surrounding! They will venture far from the group, they will hop around like it is their first time going outside, and if they drop something (like a ball) trust me they will go after it without thinking. This is why I reduce my speed damn near to a crawl when I see kids! Ohh I thought the person filming was the one that hit someone lol. 0:56 her leg Fuck these people are dramatic I hate it when ppl misuse the services that have been made for some purpose. Last summer I went to workout on a pullup bar in a park (apparently there's only one pullup bar there) and I couldn't.. cuz some stupid family decided to set up their lunch table RIGHT UNDER THE BAR and have a picnic there!!! ... when I informed this to the security of the park he said he couldn't do anything for me.. WTF?! I'd understand why people walk in a bike lane, if there wasn't a fucking footpath 2 meters away! I was also told this before I went but while i was in Germany, no one went into the bike lane but bikes. I was told that people get really pissed if someone is walking in a bike lane so just no one did it Lol, I like how they hate people walking in their """"bike lane"""", that's how people feel when you ride on the road and not follow the same rules. Lmaooo I would've just laughed if I walked passed that And it was at that moment , when little Susie knew....
SHE FUCKED UP!! 
👧💥🚴 Ok...so? Very sad for her leg and her family... but it's the adult's fault that she got hit. Anyways, I hope she gets better. Just like a bicycle to a car on the road... I get whats in the video, but your kind is as anoying as those fucks on the bicycle roads here. There are exceptions though. But the problem cars have - they are always at fault, no matter what, and bicycle drivers dont need any knowledge of the rules on the road. Bloody kids! Yes, pedestrians should not be on a bike path.  However, it is the responsibility of the rider not to hit them.  I can't just run over a pedestrian in the street with my car; I am required to avoid them, even when they shouldn't be there. hit those bitches First off, it's a young child, you guys who are faulting her for being struck are way too apathetic. Secondly, indeed pedestrians shouldn't be walking on cycling lanes, however you can't be overly critical of them. Look at how haphazard those lanes are. The very lane is small within itself and then it's divided into two, thus making it even smaller. The Montreal municipality did a horrible job at constructing those and an accident is sooner or later inevitable due to how narrow they are. Lastly, I take it many of you have not driven a motor vehicle before, because the driver is ALWAYS at fault if they collide into another. I myself am a cyclist and I know it's frustrating when others are negligent and ruin it for us, however I urge you all to develop more kindness and empathize with the poor young gal who was ON THE FLOOR CRYING after being struck. I mean goodness, imagine if that was you or your child. I would love to witness your reaction at having the tables turned. That’s so funny how the brother cried I would have been like yes ahahah Stupid bitch...making a scene out of a thing like this. Incredible. That little girl deserves that Walk on a bicycle path and get hit, ignorant pedestrians Poor girl had to suffer as a result of parent’s/guardian’a recklessness 😭 OMFG I WAS THINKING LIKE WHY IS HER LEG WOBBLING SO WEIRDÖY Such idiots in this world Here the cyclists are annoying biking on sidewalks pedestrian only paths etc. It's not his fault she deserves that because she was on that path and it was like she was asking to get hit I don’t feel bad. They shouldn’t have been there Idiots Thank you for this video, it’s so easy to share and establish a simple lesson! Thanks for posting this
Tout les gens qui courent dans les pistes cyclables aussi ça frustre I feel bad for the little girl but at the same time what part of bike lane do you not understand? It’s their fault for walking in the bike lane. I feel bad for the little girl because it was her family she was following and she didn’t know she was in the bike lane. It was just her stupid parents What they deserved Ahhahaha calling police
'Yeah i would like to report a noise breech' The bike paths arent signposted enough. Take a look at Germany! We do it right! Red path means Bike, grey/White means walkers! Morons... I dobrze. """"How could you do such a thing?!!"""" are you stupid lady? they didn't go and purposely slam into you, that's your own fault, and your child isn't the only one who its hurt in those situations..! What do you think is gonna happen they're going to fast to just stop as soon as they see you.



Sorry for that mini rant I just really hate self centered people. I'd hit the mother too. and the others. I'd hit them all 100% parents fault Hahah stupid girl Drive slowly bro this is not Holland Bikes fault. Clearly the path is busy, slow the fuck down. There is a reason motorbikes arent allowed on bike paths, they too could stay in the bike lane, they too could be in the right, they too could smash up dozy pedestrians. wasn't expecting it to be a little girl getting hit THEY DESERVED IT THOSE BLIND HUMAN BEINGS. or maybe they were blind and could not see anything.

*X-files theme* As a cyclist and at more speed than a pedestrian...1 on a cycle lane next to people walking ..just slow down..children..animals ..elderly are vulnerable.. wake up ...cylists.. Where's the dude who got her? It's nobody else's fault but the own if they're stupid. Bike lane lol Damn being a mom for just 2 months now and just seeing that made me so mad. I would've honestly gone mama bear on her. I know it wasnt the lady's fault as much but damn like ... Ugh just damn. That mom should've also been keeping a look out because of the hundreds of people on their bikes. So shame on her. Ugh this hurts my heart 😢. Next time she'll pay f#!?*%$ attention. Motherfudger even in a bike lane, i would slow my speed down near someone else. i don't actually ride bikes though, i drive a car because i'm not a nerd. Hurts my heart to see that child injured and hear the cries of herself and her brother. I feel for that poor woman riding the bike too. This has to be the worst day in the lives of everyone involved. I have two kids, one of which is old enough to ride a bike herself. We have plenty of multi use trails in our city that accommodate cyclists, joggers, and people just walking for exercise or to get from A to B. When my kids are on the trail they're either in a stroller (one of those double ones that can accommodate both a six and two yr old) or they're with us on the right  protected by either of our physical bodies. We don't let our oldest ride her bike on the trail because she isn't old enough or competent to do it safely with everyone else using it. She'll either hit another person or get hit by them. I just got my own bike a few weeks ago and have started riding a lot. It didn't take long for me to get tired of the behavior of some of the pedestrians who have every right to use the trail but either take up the entirety of the trail or wander about in the middle of it. Irony irony everywhere! cars and pedestrians are separated, so should bikers and pedestrians I WAS ridding my bike in a  BIKE lane and a little kid started throwing rocks at bikers who passed her.
She looked like a 6 year old. She threw a rock at a biker behind me and he crashed into her. She got a 
broken leg and the parents were complaining that he crashed into her. The parents weren't doing anything.
They were just on the floor reading some kind of book but when she broke her leg they were swearing at him
I was like wtf. Who would leave their fucking child just stand at the side of a BIKE lane and throw rocks at people.
Bad fucking Parenting That kid is fucking stupid as hell.
ITS A FUCKING BIKE LANE It's not the bikers fault the people know not to do that. Liberals will find someway to reason and go against the biker. Darwinism. Don't be stupid and ignore the law Dumb parents blame the biker for something they basically caused. That's the French for you. Dont walk in the fucking bike lane idiots thats karma at its best A bike is considered a vehicle believe it or not, so the cyclist is in the wrong because you have to yield to pedestrians because they have the right away. BIKE path As a cyclist this hits so close to home. I don't really like cyclists on the road but in this case it was not the cyclist's fault they were riding in the correct place, A fucking bike path for bikes, Typical response from entitled mothers thinking their little sweethearts are free to do anything and when they ruin someone's day it is never their fault, Someone else must always cop the blame, Some women should be sterilized. Idiot Natural selection Poor woman bwahahah look at that lil queer sobbing,squeaking and crying...if i was the father i'd break his leg as well...give him something to cry about Welcome to planet earth Acting like she got sniped Oh damn if she really broke her leg, her mother shouldn't pick her up like that. This hurts a lot more than doesn't it? In Holland, you get slapped when you walk on the bicycle lane. It's a good lesson for the mom in this vid. Stupid french...


Oh i'm french too I know you just bicycle but can you ride slowly if there is pedestrian on the area. If that kid had leg broken you just drive too fast the brother omg what a sweetheart Do people know THESE FUCKING RULES THESE DAYS GOD AND TO THINK AT THIS POINT THEY WOULD MAYBE THAT WOULD NOT HAVE HAPPENED IF YOU READ THE RULES. I got a moral. FUCK BICYCLES LOL. They give you erectile dysfunction anyway. First of all it was a kid second of all there were bikers in the walking lane That's the parents fault for walking in the bike lane. It'd be like me walking in the middle of the freeway. If push bikes want to ride on the roads then they need to stay within the law.

Red lights and advanced stop lines:
Crossing the stop line when the traffic lights are red (jumping red lights) is an offence which the police usually deal with via a fixed penalty notice fine (typically £50), as is riding across a cycle-only signal crossing if the green cycle symbol isn't showing.  
Where there is an advanced stop line (ASL) cyclists can of course position themselves ahead of the motorised traffic but behind the ASL, though crossing the ASL on red is still an offence.
It's also an offence to ride through an amber light, unless you are so close to the stop line that to stop might cause a collision, although if the traffic lights aren't working all road users are permitted to treat the situation as they would an unmarked junction, and """"proceed with great care"""".
There is however a difference between vehicular control traffic lights and light controlled crossings shared by pedestrians and cyclists such as Toucans, where the lights are there to advise when it's safe to cross but aren't a legal command not to cross.  

Also should why pay road tax ,and if stop or proven to have pasted a red light should why be sent on an awareness course. The cyclist is an idiot  and he deserves a good beating.  If you see a pedestrian, slow down .   I have been biking for over 50 years and I cannot stand those idiots (drivers and cyclists ) who cannot understand common sense. Pedestrians always have the right-of-way Sure..... its NEVER the cyclists fault.... I wish it was the parents who got run over... I hate when people walk in bike lanes... Why was the brother crying lmao 😂 a broken leg ain’t gonna do shit pfffttt You channel is dead bro Honestly the parents are stupid, you don’t blame someone for doing the right thing when you were doing the wrong. You were walking in a freaking bike lane. The poor girl didn’t deserve her leg broken though. I just feel bad for the person who hit her, it was the parents fault for walking in a bike lane. THE PATH IS SPLIT! I mean come on use common sense. Don’t walk in the bike lane ;-; So cyclists bitiching about pedestrians in their way that’s how drivers feel about them the muppets Stupid people they do know anything Slow the fuck down and apply breaks maybe what fucking piece of shit there was  no bike lane tags !!! Where the kid was hit ! Um honey it's your fault that Lane is for bicycle riders parents fault """"how could you do such a thing"""" 

The mother is stupid for saying blaming someone when it's her fault because she is walking in the bike path with her son and daughter. I'm just gonna walk in this bike lane here, and oH No I got hit by a bike now I'm gonna scream at your for being in the way. Dumb people ITS FOR BIKES. I don’t even feel bad should of watched your kid better not only that but shouldn’t be in the bike lane kids tend to stray away from parents and explore everything I am going to start riding my bike agin in some days and this video showed me that it is better to shout at some cowards than just trying to pass them. Hahaha idiots walking on Nike  line Sorry for the accident...but they learned something finally.... Oh shit the leg. So sad for the little girl. But mom's fault i think. 
Sad situation because biker hurts herself and apologies, the mother insult her...
Adult responsability Though i feel sorry, its not like its the biker’s fault they’re walking on the biker’s lane. Its the family’s fault for walking in their lane isnt it? Its stupid. Workers waste their time working on sidewalks, just for people to “blame other people for running them over” even though its clearly the “victim’s” fault for walking on a bike lane. Its like walking in the middle of the street. french are so stupid.... if u didnt understand the mother said to the biker """" comment vous avez pu faire ca ???!!! """" it mean """" how can u do that???!!! """" like if it was his 
fault Here's my guess on what happened:
Family walks in group on whatever/both lanes and the cyclist drives around them to pass, but then the kid runs out in front of the cyclist and the kid gets hit by the cyclist

In this case i would say that the family is more responsible than the cyclist because you should keep an eye on obstacles, cyclists and other hazards

Yes, the cyclist should be(and probably have been) aware of the cyclists surroundings, but this could be a case of the kid running into the cyclist Lol Im in turkey. There is not even any bicycle land. Between my village and town is a very long road, the pavement has a line down the middle all the way and ones half is quite clearly for cyclists. Doesn't stop people clogging up both lanes and complaining about bikes getting the the way and nearly hitting people. So moral of the story for a cyclist that gets hit on the road is don't bike on the road? Pedestrians always have the right of way. Cyclist should be vigilant the same way drivers are vigilant. In Brazil, they have bike lanes along the sidewalks specifically for bikes. People use the sidewalk, and people on bikes use the bike lane. Everyone abides by their lane, so it’s really nice to see, but in this case, ignorance is bliss (except it’s not, because it clearly shows that there is a bike lane meant for bikes). They were walking in the bike lane, which in my mind makes it the parents fault.
But that brings up an interesting question - if one were to walk into a road without looking or caring, the driver would still receive repercussions for not driving with """"due care and attention"""" - so given that the two are essentially the same scenario on different scales, should the law be changed regarding being hit by a car, or should bikers take some responsibility? First caption at start had bike sign then the rest of that road didn't  it's illegal to ride Ur bike on the pavement unless there is a separate bike lane bike riders r arragant stupid retards they use their phones while riding they no respect for any road traffic lights  no better than motor bike riders who too think they all own the road and don't have to keep to the rules , so any accidents they have. ,they deserve ,,they have no respect for any car owners , they deserved it It's a shame the little girl got hurt however if they had any common sense along with those walking in the lane earlier in the video people would not get hurt it's a bike lane not a side walk GET OUT OF THE BIKE LANE Dont want to break your leg? STAY OUT OFTHE FUCKING CYCLIST LANE ! GOD DAMM.... dont fucking walk there or get rekt That why I call hit by bike was terrifying They should fine pedestrians as much as they fine cyclists for biking on the sidewalks. Here's a 1500 fine, here ya go. “How could you such a thing” -Mom

Well how could you be an irresponsible mother and put your child in danger by walking in the bike lane you fucktard?! Quel cinéma la gamine doit pas être mourante non plus pourquoi hurler a l'aide comme ça y'as des gens ils savent pas garder la tête sur les épaules dans des cituations comme ça faut pas demander si y'avait eu du sang..... Sadly the biker didn’t kill anyone, that sucks. """"How could you do such a thing""""
""""How could you be so stupid to walk in the bike lane"""" they always DO IT Curb your walking on the bicycle lane Humanity above rules and obedience. Stupid kid deserved it. She won't forget where to walk again if i was the lady on that bike, i would have just kept going
sad but they will find a way to blame you even if they were not suppose to be there “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!?!?!” 


Me: well it’s your fault for walking in a bicycle only lane 😐 But was the bike okay? There is no reason that a cyclist should be riding that fast when they know they have to share people. It's the people's fault for walking in the bike lane!!!! She fucking deserves it let’s amputate both her legs so she can’t plague the bike lanes with her grubby little feet. She shouldn’t have been walking there. From that day on, the little girl begun to fear cyclists No point in asking ‘how could you do such a thing’ when it’s your fault because you were taking your child down a bike path, idiot """"Madame, comment vous avez pu faire ça ?!"""" Ferme là c'est de ta faute , vous n'aviez qu'à pas vous promener sur une piste cyclable . :) She want walk in a bike lane ever again. Stupid french people I walk in parks a lot with my doggo and always stay clear of the bike lane idk how some people can be so fucking oblivious and inconsiderate. That mother is the most one at fault and she better know it. Hope they police knew that guy wasn’t doing wrong riding his bike in the bike lane. Get out of the damn cycling lane and you won’t get hit. Stupid people. It’s common sense Maybe stay out of the bike lane you won't get hit. Let me just walk in the car lane or the road and when  I get knocked over... Blame the driver.... Parents fault.. 100% the sidewalks are for people walking, bike lanes are for cyclists, roads are for cars, let one go into another and then you have the weaker side making up an excuse, it's those horrible parents who made their child suffer for their dumb mistake, like if you agree There is no bike lane mentioned all the way. It is no way the pedestrians fault. Its should be of mutual responsibility by bikers and tourist. Stupid fucking little girl So when people walk on the road do you just run them over? Cyclists fault 100% Maybe watch out for the fucking kid instead of running her over well you know maybe if the bicycle lane wasn’t as big as a FUCKING SIDE WALK, people wouldn’t walk there I feel really bad for the girl and the brother, they didn't know what they were doing. One the other hand, fuck the mother. I wish the mother would have been the one getting hit There's literally another sidewalk on the other side of those bushes... Is it so hard to stay off the bike lane?? How is that the moral of the story when there are loads of people on the bike path? They clearly didn't get the memo and it's a pretty big cycle path but then i'm from the UK where that would be considered a road. I think that if you know there are people on there then ride slower, you just saw what can happen when you don't. Just looks around like wtf Not to be mean but they shouldn't blame the cyclists because one he has a point if your that dumb to not realize the consequences then thats what is going to happen so its not the person who was Riding the bike its the parents she had it coming Pfff, if I was there, I would laugh at them because of what THEY did. They should not be in the bike lane. Hey, next time you see people on bike lanes, ask them if they are bikes and tell them that bike lanes are for CYCLISTS not for pedestrians. Its just a kid.. they cry if their told to brush their teeth. Just move on. Yep I agree when she says how could you do such a thing how could her parents do such a thing their just dumb No. they had it coming if they are walking in the bikes path but I hope she is ok """"All the rights and RESPONSIABILITIES of a motor vehicle"""".  Ride at a safe speed for the conditions.  I have 9,000 miles as a cross country  bicycle tourist, and 2 years as a bike messenger, I love bicycles/bicycling.  I always obey traffic laws.  Amatuer cyclists need to grow up and be responsiable/ mature/safe and courteous riders. In Philippines there are only very few bicycle lanes and people doesn't understand so they walk there stupidly while the human walking area is wider and is only on the side... there are even alot of bicycle signs..... How the fuck could any cyclist not see a kid?? I don't give a shit whether the kid is in the wrong, you don't fucking injure them to make your fucked up point. How many times do peds step into a road without seeing a car? does the driver just plough into them thinking """"your fault you didn't look""""?????? This is bullshit, the cyclist should be arrested, prosecuted and do serious time. Yeah, that's most women's behavior when this kind of things happen, try to shame and throw the responsibility to other people. I understand people are dumb walking in the bike lane but seriously cyclists please slow down. It was totally their fault I’m a biker and it’s so annoying one person was wearing earphones and walked straight into the bike lane and one inch from hitting I see shitty parents letting their small kids walk in the bike lane all the time and they do nothing to get them out of the bike lane. I've had a 4-6 year old jump out in front of me without looking to see if anyone was coming and his mother just let him do it. She never told him to get out of the bike lane after almost getting hit by me going 30 km/h. 20 kg getting hit by 100kg going 30km/h is going to do serious damage. Whenever I see them now, I always slow down to 5-8 km/h. LMFAO she broke her leg ... in the Netherlands we bike around as well but when pedestrians walk on the bike lane and they get hit... it's the pedestrians fault lucky he was wearing a helmet Good for them. This shows why you shouldn't block the bicycle lane anyway. God the French are pussies. I FUCKING HATE THOSE FUCKING PEDESTRIANS NOT GIVING THE WAY TO CYCLISTS. EVEN ON NON BIKING PATH, BIKES ARE STILL HARDER TO CONTROL THAN YOUR TWO FUCKING LEGS. i always give ways to bikers.

In australia, even when you ring the bell signalling them, those aussies don't FUCKING move, fucking idiots. damn stupid mother And don't ride your bikes on the road. Then we'll all be happy. Omg you can see my condo from there!! I live in vieux-port!! and you guys shouldnt ride on the road I feel bad for laughing at the little girl oops stupid parents ffs leting the kid run where he wants ffs Rude french people?
you don't say... StA qUi LvElO Hahaha """"Comment vous avez pu faire ça, heurter une piétonne sur une piste cyclable uniquement"""" It happened nearly every day last year...Every night I was using the bike lane and tourists were walking there. Before getting near them, I used the bell but they ignored me every time...When they got mad and I explained that the sidewalk was a step away (literally) and that I warned them, they said that I could stop myself easily and that they couldn’t fly so I was the one at fault...and I never hit someone. Btw I was hit by a biker who was on his phone on a pedestrian zone. She ignored me and she proceeded by cycling away as if nothing has happened....but I’m the bad biker lolol So am I suppose to be feeling sympathy for them? Cause I'm laughing over here. That will teach them! If u want to ride your bike fast, do it on the road! When there's kids walking around on side walk, it might be a good idea to go at a decent pace so you can brake in time. Smh ppl logic out the window I hope the wheel didn't warp when it hit her leg. That can be easily exspensive you know. Well hopefully the cyclists invariably successful counter suit will cover it. I'd punch the brother for being a Lil bitch Stumped people but they blame the biker what the f That's endangerment of a child in United States. I feel bad for the kid, and yet the parents still try to blame the women. That mother should do her job... Hmm.. let me just walk in the middle of a highway and expect the cars to move for me i might be called very rude or mean for saying this but i don't care that the child got hurt. I know kids don't know any better (ages 7 under even though ive met very mature 5 year olds) the parents should know better. It clearly did say for bikes not for pedestrians. The parent should have been more aware and at least made her child stay near her then go in the middle of the road. I just think some humans need to pay attention more and be responsible.... retards should have walked on the road I feel bad for the little girl but why would the mother allow her children to walk on the bike path. That’s so irresponsible. And it’s unsafe, they bike fast. It’s not your nature walk, it’s basically a highway for people on bikes and you have your children walking on the path I would have jut slapped the woman and told her she better hope her kid turns up better and mostly SMARTER than her! From a country with bicycle lanes everywhere this frustrates me to no end. If you called the cops here too. They would laugh at you for being stupid. YOU DON'T WALK ON BICYCLE LANES If my sister got broken leg i will not cry because she will stay in her bed without anoy me fuckin idiot....just die already I hate it when people walk on the bike lane in the Netherlands we bike almost everywhere and there are tourists walking in the Frickin way No mercy with dipshits The moral of the story is to walk on walking lane yet i saw an adult standing and chatting on his phone Yea but what frustrates me is things like when Im walking home along the highway on the pedestrian path and cyclists are speeding towards me they don’t slow down at all, they expect me to jump out of their way even though it’s not a cyclists path and there’s a fuck load of 80km p/h traffic right next to me. Unfortunately a lot of people including me don’t have a lot of respect left for cyclists when they do shit to piss me off when I’m walking and when I’m driving. My mum used to be a cyclist and broke her ankle because a car hit her, and yet even she hates cyclists these days. I’m sure there’s a lot of good cyclists out there, but there’s also a lot who think they own the road and the footpath and that everyone else has to make way for them Poor bike, nobody asks if the bike is okay do they. :( I hope the girl I fine Dat gurl moaning like crazy Their own fault. I'd sue them for a new bike. You're buying me a brand spanking new bike. I often just ride on the road because of zombies and tourist bike riders that go at 2 km/h. Road kill It's a recreation path to be shared by everyone  bike3rd don't own it and you need to slow down and be more aware ie I saw those two police before you did The freaking sidewalk was beside the bicycle lane  I feel really bad for the girl though if so many people walk there, maybe you should slow the fuck down This shit happens all the time where I live. Just don't walk in the bike lane and none of this will happen. LOL he's complain of the people blocking the lane. 
Proceeded to make an even worse blockage for both peds and cyclists LMFAO. What a world we live in 😂 """"The worst people is the one who wants to be part of the problem"""" Parents these days always blaming other people to seem perfect 🤦‍♀️ Everyone knows its only ok for bikers to do what they want. I have no sympathy because there are lanes for a reason Well honestly, if you want to talk about bike lanes and how to properly use them. In to the U.a. Bikers take over the car road and we driver have to be super careful. So I'm just saying it's the same for this. It's unfortunate but it happens. “How could you do such a thing”
“DON’T FUCKING LET YOUR FAMILY WALK ON A BYCICLE ROAD YOU FUCKING IDIOTIC IDIOT” kid is clearly a puasy people need to learn the way from the bicycle path Faith in humanity restored, natural selection still works. You could have beat the crap out of everybody идиоты Its a fuckin bike😂😂😂""""how could you do such a thing"""" lmao cringe Good, fuck that kid serves them right if they're stupid enough to walk on a bike lane If that was my kid. I would have carried the kid the same way as the mother did. And just dropped her in the hedge! Dumb asses,  that footpath on the other side. Tho! """"How could that cyclist do such a thing""""??? How could you do such a thing by putting you're child at risk, maybe next time you will use you're thick skull and use the perfectly visable sidewalk you dumb fuck. Whoever is in charge of the pathways should have a line and markings painted along the whole route to keep reminding. Now you know how motorists feel when cyclists act like they own the road. Im not even sorry for that french bit*hy familly. These idiots shouldnt walk there. Et si on se promenait sur la piste cyclable avec les enfants  😀😀 Excellente idée!! They need better signage """"How could you do such a thing?!""""
How could you walk on the bike lane when there's a sidewalk right next to it 🤔 Im my opinion bicyclists are worse than drunk drivers!!! They dont observe any rules of the road. Walk you bike across the intersection.
Be mindful of your speed. 
Look up when you are riding around pedestrians.
Dont blame anyone for your negligence!!!! In short....FUCK OFF, THIS AINT CHINA!!! Why you didnt say nothing? They walked in the wrong lane...it’s their fault she got hurt...I do feel srry tho. In Indonesia, all lanes are for all people. No rules, just be patient when you are on the street 😂😂 Cars park at bicycle lane here in Malaysia. Idk if it's legal to smash their car Stupid pedestrians. Niquez vos mères. These people are stupid Thr moral of the most stories: Use your brain for think. She broke her leg? Pfft tough luck, that's nothing compared to dealing with Sydney funnel webs and red belly blacks every day i bike everyday and this is so relatable. pls guys... just stay off our lane Lmao I would’ve been so pissed I said “ bitches it was a FUCKIN ACCIDENT, FUCK ALL YALL” lol Those people walking on the bike lane are really incompetent. If they're risking themselves to get injured, let them be. Now you know how we as drivers feel when cyclists drive on the road. I find the fucking spit on the path more capable of replying from “GTFO OF THE LANE.” Ok there they reacted a bit to much Moms fault What if the mother lets her daughter run on the railways and a train hits her, is she gonna tell the train driver - how could you do such a thing? Little fucking bitch kid deserved it. Don't walk in bicycle lanes then blame a cyclist and start screaming for hitting you or your child when you were walking in a bicycle lane. I generally feel fucking bad for the cyclist that hit the kid because the little shit probably damaged the bike and not to mention the lady because she kept apologizing to the other lady but she only screamed at her because she is a bitch ass drama queen, you are responsible for the injury, not the cyclist. It’s the pedestrians fault for walking in a bike lane. Just fix a bulldozer ram to the front of your bike, it’ll do the trick. Parents have no right to get angry when its their fault the kid broke her leg! “How could you do such a thing?!”
That’s just dumb.
You see, it just pisses me off. she acts like all of this happened, but in a opposite order. the woman who hit the girl shouldn’t apologize, the parent should, for letting herself / her daughter walk on a path. Wich was not meant for pedestrians to walk upon. The moral of this story is that cyclists are always wrong. Doubly wrong when they're right. About as stupid as walking down the middle of a road. The parent of the hurt child is an idiot. 1. She walked in da danm bike line. 2. She picked her child up when she was injured and that can cause more damage Bro fucking people. Smh """"how could you do such a thing?"""" that line pissed me off so much. Honestly in the situation like that I think I would just give the parents the bird and ride-away saying """" that's just what happens when you let you stupid kid walk in the bike lane. You've learned your lesson and I bet you won't do it again. """" 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔 Should be a continuous line marked so children are always aware of the bike lane as there minds wonder off. Stupid dumb idiots. You aren't a bicycle. It's your fault your child got hit! Dumb idiots Puts a kid to stand in a bike lane, yells at people when kid gets hit. smh. Where I live, when walking on a bike path (if necessary or shared), people move to the side. It is better to have a bell to notify when the bike is coming too. If that was Murica someone would have stole that bike. It's not any of the bikers fault I blame the family for walking on the bikers path Hey lemme just walk in a car lane and get mad when they run me over. It sucks the girl got hurt, but that's really on her parents I hope the girl broke both her legs I'm Spanish and i was thinking that pedestrian was pederast the whole video There's a sidewalk right there!! People are insanely retarded. luckily healthcare is free so there is that.  this accident would have been wayyyyyyy more complicated south of the border Fuck I hate bike 🚲 riders I don’t agree with you Rider had no bell.  Lesson: use disc breaks I have a 120Db horn on my bike. Never hit a child once. they all hear me coming if they are in the way. you cannot chnage how the rest of humanity behaves.. only your self! buy a fucking horn! Kinda deserved it Its just a broken leg, they need to chill the fuk out That'll teach her parents and everyone else Ha. bruh if they sued the cyclist its a fucking bike lane its ur fault i like to ride my bike on bike lanes and i see alot of people walking on the bike lane. The Most deadly terrorist attack of all time in Canada 0 deaths 0 injured I see both sides of the story it’s the bike lane move out of the way but also I don’t see any boundary lines to show pedestrians where the lane is. Just walk it off 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I hope the hospital bill is terrible. That'll teach 'em a lesson. Kids have to learn somehow... especially the stupid one Fml it’s only a broken leg 🤦‍♂️it’s not the end of the world 😂 Get it round her Was about to say that the medical bills are gonna be big and they will probably ask the cyclist to pay them but no this is a civilized country Hope that bikes ok. Plus that mom was acting as if she was it by a train not a fucking bike It’s the bike fault I say we should ban all  bikes so they won’t be used for harm and have bike free zones probably what a liberal is thinking right now Brought kt on herself DONT WALK ON THE BIKE PATH. YOU CANT COMPLAIN THAT BIKES HAVE A SPACE the parents really deserved that one, thats why you walk on the SIDEWALK and not on the fucking CYCLING LANE How could you do such a thing, well bitch your not supposed to walk there As you can see, the family of pedestrians are assholes as weren't aware that they were walking on the bike path Everyday affair in Asian countries no big deal is it bad that i laughed why the fuck u called the police first? Not an ambulance pussys It's basically the pedestrians fault because people paint a bike on the ground for a reason TO SHOW THIS IS THE BIKERS LANE Fucking idiots, all of them Of course, blame the cyclist. 

The fact that you made walk your daughter in a bike lane has nothing to do with her broken leg. its not a very well marked cycle lane, as a non local i would walk on it untill i see the 1 marking thats in this video.... Yeah the parent should have known better than to walk, let alone let their kids, on the bike lane. I saw this same thing in NYC while walking in the Brooklyn bridge. So many tourists felt so entitled to just walk on the bike lane, even though there were clear markings on the ground labeling it as a bike lane. Some bicyclists were kind enough to go around you, but some were screaming, rightfully, at those in the way. PARENTS FAULLTTTT I wonder if that girl will ever see this video Poor boy 1:01 BIKE LINE!
NO GIRL AND BAD MOTHER LINE I got mad at that fake ass brother who started crying, when in reality he was fucking glad that bitch broke her damn leg. Why call the police though. Kid got hurt drive to the hospital Tbd at some places its not very clear Stupid pedestrians Man I had the same reaction as the brother when my younger siblings get injured. Seeing kids over all get hurt just makes me cry. Ugh. Lmao😂👌👌 Welcome to the """"Rules are for everyone but me."""" society we live in today.

I can do whatever I want. I'm more important than everyone else. Just ask me. Why do cyclists feel so empowered to ride their fucking bikes in THEIR LANE, like, you mofos are all over the road causing major slowdowns . You guys gotta be on the sidewalk unless there are either too many people or in and out of sidewalks. Drivers hate you guys and you guys act superior to pedestrians, which you basically are. So suck it up, I can understand the cyclists lane ON THE ROAD, BUT ON A SIDEWALK THAT IS NOT MARKED THE ENTIRE WAY DOWN, YOU CANT BITCH Kids are always so dramatic tho It’s a bike lane though so it’s their own fault for being stood there. The mom says how could you do such a thing bitch please Ur on the fucking bIKE LANE WHAT U SUSPECT Terrible parents. -_- Poor kid with a shitty, negligent parent. You moral of the story is don't get drunk and ride bikes


(It's a joke nothing serious) I pray that one day these people stop breeding Is the familie's fault bc they were in a bicycle lane The French are such poofs there acting like there child just died get over it 😂😂😂 you should watch cyclist in switzerland. they are driving straight in the middle of the street on a 80km/h mountain road. as a motorcyclist i almost drove into some just because they are dumb. It's french Why are these people even walking there Fuck you bikers, I’ll hit ya with the hell off if you dare come across me walking or anyone weak pieces of biking shit. Fuck that lady for hitting a kid. You a moron. Lol they deserved it. Maybe they won't be so dumb next time If this happened in the netherlands the biker could sue you for walking on the bike lane :D stay👏off👏the👏fucking👏bike👏paths👏 it's their fault though?? Sad how people are blaming the girl its obviously the parents fault for walking there and the city's for not making it clearer to see that its a bicycle lane because the lines that were separating the two were not visible anymore . KARMA Same thing happend to me when me and my dad where cycling inside of the bike path yet my dad accidently hit a pedestrian because they were walking in the """"bike path. We had to go to court cuz they tried to sue us but thankfully that didn't work and we sued them for not walking in  the right path Jaja fucking cristal little girl much money and proteccion and shit If I was the cyclist I'd of got on my bike and rode away fast becuase I'm not staying around long enough for the police to arrive and take my details so I can be sued for the families stupidity to walk on the cycle lane Little girls fault Interesting
The pedestrian is at fault for being in the bike lane......
So, using the same logic, if a bike is in a car lane is the cyclist at fault? I would just tell them “omg why did you put your daughter / family in danger by putting them in the bike lane?” Haha Dumb bitch This is why I hate little retarded kids Oh poor brother fake cry Well that mother have a peanut chicken brain and the other pedestrians too because you know its a street for bike and you walk there wow stupid parents, should of moved her child onto an actual walking path, feel so bad for the child; hope she's ok Oh dear Poor bike must’ve really hurt itself 😥 I have no sympathy whatsoever for that little girl. That’s like waking in a road, being oblivious to cars swerving around you, then getting mad at them when one hits you. It’s no different for bikes. Fucking idiot deserved to have her leg broken people need to learn to read the signs instead of telling their kids its ok to walk there Sad. Even the common dog (literal) is more aware of their surroundings on bike paths. It’s simpel ride on the Fuckin streets fuckin biles morons everything that has wheels ride on the street thankfully it‘s that way in switzerland where i live don’t wanna say how many time i needed to kick a fuckin bike motha fuckers Where is this? It's the parents' fault. Moral of the story is cycle lanes should all lead to active wood chippers. The moral is dont break little girls legs lol That's why two lanes exists kids Dude that little kids leg was fucked up. It was hanging and shit I was there in july. The bike lane was packed with people And they will continue walking on the bike path because they think it was the cyclist's fault. Dumb fucks Little bitch ass girl shouldn’t be on a bicycle lane I'd drive even faster and hit these ** even harder! Fucking stupid kid Hahahahahhaa Im surprised there wasent people walking on the train tracks right next to them. 😂😂😂 Reminds me of the time I broke this nigga’s ankles for shit talking. My bike also broke along with his ankles It's not the cyclist's fault. It's not the little girl's fault. It's the parents that needed to know things and watch over their kids properly. well people are fucking idiots They fucking deserve that little cunts ITS FUCKINGN LANE FOR BIKES Wher ihe hell,is the Bike lane,looks like a regular path to me,If thyed woulded seperate the bike lane with a Bar,maybe this mess wouldn't happen,How are the People suppose to know,I didn't even see a Bike lane on thier path,only in the Begging and then it dissapears. It’s not the cyclists fault they shouldn’t be there in the first place it was bound to happen I love the reaction of the brother, idiots people, it a called bike Lane for a reason This comment section is a perfect example of why people hate cyclists. The fuck? That fricked up mom going rage, I got hit by a car which didn’t have the lights on and me mum didn’t scream at her 🤦‍♀️ LMAO This just pisses me off, there is always a pathway for walking near a bike lane why not go on that """"Comment vous avez pu faire ça?"""" As if she did it on purpose. Yeah every once in a while this woman surely rams into a little girl just for fun, with absolutely bad intentions. And oh my god it's not that big of a deal, it'll only make her stronger, as we say... Why am I caring so much anyway... 😧 Dumbasses deserved it yeah it's their fault but don't blame her parents so hard

it's hard to be nice and calm when your daughter just got her leg broken..

maybe they won't walk in bike lanes anymore She acts like her child was hit by a semi The stupid family deserves it so that they can learn such a simple lesson from a big tradegy Moral of the story, get out the way of people it’s called respect So u are allowed to cycle in the road, but when ppl walk in the bike lane, u get mad? I don't get it Stupid people theese days. Just a wow Okay, so why are you recording this, Thats just rude.. Cyclists are pricks anyway. The car is the cyclists natural predator Its a path for both pedestrians and cyclists. I know this was an accident but its not YOUR road. Police approach woman
""""Tries to call the police"""" Its the dumbass parents fault
ITS A BICYCLE LANE AND THE WOMAN WHO SAID HOW COULD U DO SUCH THING IS DUMBASS ITS HER FAULT SHE SHOULD BE SAYING THAT TO HER SELF FOR WALKING IN A BICYCLE LANE
😤😤 If they want to get fucking hit walk on the road not bike lane ffs. Fucking idiots Encore des Parisiens qui gueulent pour rien dire et sans raisons, pour changer Lmao the reason the French never could take over America. There sissy’s Too many people is a real issue in a lot of places. I used to ride on a good lengthy trail but had to move to riding far into the country with less people. Not only were the sidewalks too overwhelmed with people walking that they used the bike lane too. But the cluster of bikers on the lane became ridiculous as well. Both bikers and walkers can get very obnoxious. Had to find long stretches of road in the middle of nowhere to actually enjoy a bike ride. Why were those pedestrians on the bike line?! Because they are stupid! Lol she has just one shoe Well I don’t feel sad at all, it wasn’t kid’s fault, that’s a cyclist’s road, do you see any pedestrians walking in the middle of the highway? Then what makes them think that walking in that road is any safer than highway? Stupid ppl... The moral is:go to the Netherlands there you can blame the pedestrian if they walk on the bycicle lane Poor family 🙁 I always have that is just scream at them Another cyclist complaining Triggered kid Thats like standing in the road and being surprised when you get hit by a car Teach your Fucking children to not walk in the bicycle lane and they won't break a leg ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ It’s their fucking fault for being so ignorant of their sorroundings Garbage people that think that the bike lane is not made for bikes. It especially frustrates me when I’m riding my scooter in my driveway and people walk their dogs in the path of my scooter and I somehow hit them because their dogs are way too fast then they blame it on me a 12-year-old who does not want to get into an argument on whether the dog is stupid or if I’m stupid (clearly I’m not stupid the dog is the one who is (their brain is the size of a walnut literally). Then my mom has to come and argued with the situation and the guy ends up pushing my mom or my property or banging my mailbox right in front of us and we have to call the cops on them get their phone number get The dog tags and probably what they look like if they do that much damage. Are used to ride my bike to school I see my friend and he always tells me stories on either his return trip or his going trip of people walking their dogs in the bike lane on our way to school they don’t care that there’s a heavy lane of traffic with bicycles going past at 25 mph they just seem to care that they have an extra space for their dog for them to walk. How dare you ride into my daughter on a cyclist path? I got hit by a bike once but it was at a cross walk and the woman was cycling through the pedestrians fast and hit me when she tried to go between me and my brother when I was literally 1 step behind him. I was like 9 that shit wasn’t my fault That’s like standing on a runway n getting hit by a plane and saying “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING” Poor little girl So next time I see a cyclist on the road I should run them over with my car? Since the road is for cars, there shouldn’t be cyclist on it right? Just like that path is for bikes only? Use the side walk honey. It’s simply irresponsible to walk about with your kids on the bike lane. That lady who hit the girl clearly meant no harm and was sorry for what she did. It’s the parents fault for walking about in a bike lane with her children, in my opinion it was very selfish and inconsiderate of her to do that and a hazard to not only her OWN CHILDREN but also to the other bikers She luck when I got ran over TWICE I barely got hurt Traduction of the french """"how you can do that"""" 1. You could say it‘s the parents fault for walkng on a bicycle lane. 2. The little girl must‘ve had huge pain, not only because she had broken her leg, also because she was carried like the worst way you could carry a person with a fractured leg. and 3. The camera man did a nice job Fucking French they over react to everything Its not sad, its fucking hillarious that the whole family is retarded Dumb parents When bitch moms hurts  their kid's but blames others! That was quite a show Ils sont vraiment bête ces piétons, tant qu'ils y sont, ils n'ont qu'à marcher sur la voie routière, il y a plus d'espace... Putain, qu'est-ce-que les piétons peuvent être très con, tout comme les parents des enfants, qui ne font que dire """"Madame, comment avez-vous pu faire ça !!!"""" Moi à ta place je lui aurai dit après qu'elle ferme sa gueule, car on ne marche pas sur une voie cycliste, quelle bande d'attardé... Stay. On. The. Sidewalk. Stupid kid in BRasil the traffic authorities will fine the bicycles for """"dangerous conduct"""" that is, they will apply an arbitrary fine for any accident that occurs - the fault will always be the cyclist. I already left my bike, now I only use a polluting car that I own In my country no space for cycling and for pedestrian.. I agree with the point, but look it from another angle, the same way pedestrians get in your way,the same way bikes get in the way of cars See if you can get those people together amd sign a petition demanding decent sidewalks, if they dont oblige they are knowingly enforcing a dangerous traffic situation and you can sew the city of montreal.
If there is a side walk, they should fine people for not using it because then they are what makes the situation dangerous. ‘how could you do such a thing’ um pretty easily considering your walking in a bike lane, would you walk along a motorway as well and expect nobody to hit you? poor kid got her leg broken through her mother’s ignorance the lines are hardly defined and it's possible the pedestrians could have entered the walkway at a point where there is no signage But you know what’s really fucking annoying? When ur biking home from school and someone almost hits you with their car because they didn’t stop at a stop sign and then they yell at you like you’re the one at fault. Or when u fucking wait for them to go but they give u this hand signal thingy in their car BUT THEN MOVE FORWARD ANYWAYS AND THEN YELL AT YOU. Or when people walk in a fucking straight line across the sidewalk and don’t move enough for you to pass them and u have no choice but to swerve into a pole. Then they laugh at you like it’s a big joke but you just scraped ur fucking knee because these inconsiderate fucking cunts don’t have the decency to move out of the way or at least clear a path for someone riding a fucking bicycle. In short, people are fucking morons whether you like it or not. This reminds me of Harambe, rest in peace brother! ✌🏼 completely the parents' faults, how are you gonna let your children walk in traffic?? Not the kids fault, they just followed their parents. Cyclist was completely innocent. Pedestrians are usually motorists that are not in their cars.  So when I ride through a MUP, I ring my bell as I approach them slowly.  If they don't respond, I check if they are wearing ear buds or head sets.  Then I sound my Hornit.  If they are still oblivious, I coast right beside them being careful giving clearance while I continue with the bell or hornit.

This is also the reason why I don't like riding in popular recreation paths.  The cyclists there are recreational cyclists and ride all over the place.  It's more difficult passing them than pedestrians. Pedestrians get mad because of cyclist,
still they park on bycycle lane. There was literally a sidewalk 4 feet away I dont feel bad for the family they should have been on the sidewalk Girl deserved it Rules are rules madam people this days are too abusive that if u say no they'll do it more so lesson learned follow the rules and regulation and no one will get hurt. AjajajajajjajajajajajJajajajajajja WTF  WHY THE KID (brother of the litlle girl cry and the parents angry is the fucking line of cycles men that family is a fuckin shit Now you see how drivers feel about you bikers thinking you own the road following no road rules These people are dumb fucks :/ I hope it’s the mothers brain that gets hurt next How could YOU do such a thing you where on a freaking bike lane it’s there fault not hers if you can see there was a lot of bikes wouldn’t you think Then bikes should not be allowed on the street either, disturbing the traffic for cars and risking their own lifes. Meo show ctm """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?"""" No, how could YOU do such a dumb thing by letting your daughter WALK ON THE FREAKING BIKE LANE? I remember once I was walking on a pavement and a boy on his bike crashed into me, I escaped with a badly bruised knee luckily. After he knocked me over he had the audacity to tell me to “watch where I was going”, he was on the sidewalk riding up and down. It’s the same with this, pedestrians should stay on the pavement and cyclists should stay on the road or bike path. I hope that little girl broke her leg Just don't walk on the fucken bike path then Moral of the story: karma is bich I feel the same way about bikes on roads Wow, those people are in the wrong, i hope the cyclist does not lose if he/she gets sued some people are actually fucking retarded I blame the pedestrians Sadly, that girl is retarded Clearly see that bike has their lanes and sidewalks is for people but there are idiots out there who don't listen. This is a consequence for not obeying the regulations of Bike Paths. The fault here is the parents and the family that insisted on walking on a Bike Path. Its not the Cyclist fault for wind up hitting and injuring the young girl. Obviously it would have never happened if that family were to walk on the sidewalk. What's worse is that the cyclist has every right to be in the Bike Lane cause that is where cyclists go but people walk on it making it dangerous for riders and themselves. Hope this vid will make sure that people can't go into the Bike Path but they'll do it anyways and play the blame game. I mean yeah I guess I feel bad... But that kid totally deserves it especially since the bike lane can obviously be seen and there was plenty of room for the entire family... I mean come on walk behind them or something it's not that hard That girl deserves that. That’ll teach her a fucking life lesson. Sure, it's your kid, but cmon. It was a fucking accident. Either way, you should teach your child not to walk in the bike lane. What a mean fucking mom. THERE IS A REASON FOR PAVEMENTS PEOPLE Well they did this to themself kind off for fucksakess
cant they be more dramatic, i so wish these little flowers go through what kids in syria are going through right now If you get hit by a bike on bike lane while walking it should always be your fault but bad thing that its leg broke if its me the parent will get slap Man special privileged cyclists if a sprinter accidentally crashes into a kid cause he was too fast to stop properly who's fault is it? Of course the sprinter and yes there's a bike lane but you share the lane as they do, y'all should be responsible for driving cautiously and being extra careful instead of just placing the blame on the pedestrians, swear all bicyclists just bitch and play the victim no offence but if you cant walk on the street and not know whats safe or not. even though the girl probaly had no clue that she shouldnt be walking in that lane. You shouldnt be able to drive if you dont know the basic rules of how to walk outside. People like that probably dont even know how to handle situations when they are dirving and there are bikers. They dont even teach you how to handle cyclists in america durring drivers ed. And thats no excuse. If you dont know how to treat bike lanes and bikers then im not going to feel bad if you got hurt or if your kid broke her damn leg because your a fucking idiot. Those stupid pedestrians they deserve what happened to that girls leg what wiggling where things don't wiggle lol get out of the cycling lane kid lol Looks like the poor girl got her right shin broken,dumb parents and people in general should know that there is things called sidewalks where you know people can walk on the side away and safe from roads They need to keep the bicycle lane clear all the way down so they won’t get in their way . Idiot pedestrian that's in Montreal (i could tell because of the museum) damn stfu kid Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. I feel bad it was a child, unfortunately wasnt the bitch mom who took the hit LOLOLOLOL THAT LITTLE GIRL GOT REEMED See Americunts, getting hit by a bike going fast does hurt and injure, you fucking retards. Yes, just because something doesn't kill you, doesn't mean it can't injure you. I live in montreal and I saw that family walking with the girl crying and now I found this video THESE ARE BICYCLE LANES . DO NOT PUT YOURSELF THRU IT ; PLEASE GOD DO NOT BLESS THESE PARENTS WHO BROUGHT THEIR CHILDREN THERE .BRING THEM TO THE FUCKING PEDESTRIAN ZONES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No offense but that Mom is screeching at the women when there was a designated lane to walk on and they didn’t follow it. I feel for the girl but it’s kinda their fault. Lets her child walk in a cycle path, blames cyclist for cycling in designated lane. Hm. Dude should have told that mother off. >walk in bicycle path
>get mad when a cyclist accidentally runs into your child who you willingly put in danger by walking there
Fucking retards. Not the little girl's fault but her parents should be charged with being on the wrong path and child endangerment. The cyclist did nothing wrong. Stay the fuck off the bike lane if you don't want to get hit stupid fuck In America we'd whoop that bicyclists ass. Serves them right they should be on the pavement Meh, sucks to be her. It was the bicycle lane, if they had common sense they would know they shouldn’t be walking there we need an ambulance for the bike is the bike ok :( Fuck cyclist people, you have to go to the street with other cars and stop fucking around. Your damn right bro . AN people have the nerve to blame the cyclist ! She said how could you do such a thing! What an accident hmm let's see idk it was a damn accident The pedestrian should get arrested for jaywalking That’s karma Where the ambalnce at why the man body still there The mother didn’t even stop to ask if the cyclist was okay, I know that the little girl was in worst shape but if it was to opposite and the cyclist broke her leg the mother wouldn’t even stop I think You know what? I am glad that happened that will teach people to not walk in the bike lane but its not the girls fault it the moms fault Poor bike hope it’s not hurt to bad🚲 what's the moral of the history?







hitting kids that walk in the cyclist's line is cool the retards shouldn't have been in the bike lane anyways Dumb ass PEOPLE MAN THEY ARE STUPIED ITS A BIKE LANE This what happens dumb ass PEOPLE they be like ooo kids let's walk on a bike trail 1 min a girl gets hit and some how she broke her leg but that family is STUPID Its the girls fault for being retarded and walking in the bike lane. now thats what i cal hilarious lmfao That's such a shame... I do however also feel like some bike lanes aren't labeled property... For example there should be a clear decision down the road with reminders. With this path , its just at the beginning which is so easy to miss. Proper labeling should be made and people should also keep an eye out. I gotmhit in the shin by a bmx bike by my friend it hurtssss French people are such wussies lmao In bucharest was disabled all biking paths.. When the pedestrians refuse to move I would just ramm them. Oh no Well that's the girls fault for being in the wrong lane absolute idiots Tu pourrais écrire un petit peu en Français aussi car j'ai rien compris à l 'histoire . Merci Parents fault why is she mad at the biker they were in the bike lane; therefore it’s the lady’s fault not the biker’s Lol It sucks but it's 100% the kid's fault. Whoo, +10 points. +20 if they are a cripple. F that shit I god hit on a sidewalk!!! Guy was driving really fast! It was the parents fault.It literally says on the ground “bike lane”. Poor Bike it is not the cyclists fault it is the peoples fault they shud not be on that lane I'd hit them tbh. Not my fault they don't know what a bike looks like. XDDDD No wonder why the French lose... Lmao am I wrong for laughing It's just a broken leg she's not dead Very good ^^ 2:06 beacuse of her parents Slow down you fucking idiots........ Not being funny but it's a fucking bike the worst that can happen is a grazed knee perhaps a bruise lmao OML THE PEOPLE WERE ON THE BIKE LANE AND THIS WOMAN JUST Says SCREAMS : """"How Could You Do Such A Thing"""" ITS YOUR FAULT FOR BEING ON A BIKE LANR Hahahahahah deserved it... Understand your point but one could argue that cyclists are obstacles for car drivers. Car drivers must take extra care for cyclists, same way that cyclists must take extra car of pedestrians I love this video everytime I'm in a bike lane I'm just so frustrated from getting off my board because in this lane you gotta go fast and still there are some people (in Czech Republic) which preffer to walk in these lanes. Sad...
I used to jump off because there's no quick way to stop the board. Now I jump off whenever I observe  the kid. But I always yell at the people or thank them when they noticed me and stepped aside. But most of the time It makes me so mad I imagine me hitting them like  the cyklist in the video. 

There should be some law at least. jumps infront of train
""""ahh why would that hurt me thats so rude of them"""" Ain’t his fault the parents and kid walked in the bike line That's one shitty bike path friend and you don't really have too much of an argument here. THERE ARE NO MARKINGS delineating what's what! I saw one small cyclist icon. No lanes, no other markings, no signage that I could tell. OF COURSE PEOPLE ARE FUCKING WALKING ALL OVER THAT PATH you lame ass. Poor side walk So cars have to watch out for cyclists and cyclists have to watch out for pedestrian. Shes gonna try and sue and get nowhere cause she was practicaly standing in the road. I mean they should have seen it coming I hope she gets hit by a car next time Kind of want to see her hit the girl No offense but she deserved it, the mother and the father. They are the ones who should be yelled at. ill think u will find that the bike path ended a long time ago and also still not a reason to hit a little girl You should be drive slow little bit... come on!! This not a race get rekt No tengonada contra la niña o su familia pero de lo merecia aprendio una leccion Stupid parents Fucking retards. You should of told them to stay out of the bike lane next time.. Lack of information i see.. Myeess Their fault, that biker didn't do anything, he's just riding his bike Sidewalks and bicycle lanes are two different things people... That lady that ran into that little girl I think it was the family faults for walking on the bike paths parents fault, walk on the damn pedestrian line! Much retardation in this video, such idiotic pedestrians, very sad it was... 10/10 would broke the second leg of the girl PAWS :dog: That poor girl It’s horrible hat the girl’s leg is broken and the brother is sad and it’s a normal thing to get sad and I don’t have anything wrong with the kids but I do have a problem with the parents, they said “How could you do such a thing” when they were in the wrong area There waaaaay to dramatic about it If i was you i would say """"its your fault that ur walking on bike lane"""" Here the mortle of the story dont be a idiot and walk in a bike lane i almost dont feel sorry for the people not the little girls falt the parents hope the parents learned the lesson Irresponsible parents """"How could u do such a thing!"""" Bitch keep ur kid off the bike path then yikes i just noticed that her leg was broken :(! awful! i hope pedestrians will learn that they should stay off bicycle lanes for everyones safety, so that these things don't happen :( Dumb ass pedestrians, think they own the damn place. Look where your walking Ahahaha ha hahahahahahahahah The idiots walking on lanes for bikes deserve that. Its she's own foult.. I was riding once going sum speed  and a guy was on one side me the other then for sum reason jumped in my line so I swoped side next minute he jumped back were he was in the end I ran in to him I hit his balls too lol No one can blame the cyclist since they were in a lane reserved for bikes not for people to walk on I'm a cyclist and walking on a cycle path is like walking  in the road I feel sorry for the kid but it is her mom and dads fault .and way do people who drive cars think they can park on a cycle path Just ask some singer to creat """"Get out of my bike lane"""" song.. In switzerland we have vertical signs that specifically say bike only, and also signs that specifically say no pedestrians which would be put up immediately in such a situation. There are zebras for pedestrian passages. The situation there looks very bad there with no signs at entrances nor vertical signs, not even optical cues on the pavement that you are entering a lane, very bad planning indeed. HOLY SHIT I DIDN'T KNOW SHE BROKE HER LAG KARMAS A BIT*H It’s the little girls fault for using a bike trail to walk on What are those people doing on a cyclists path. I know it’s bad to say this but it’s the girls fault for being on the path Humans are the dumbest race on Earth People/Humans are actually so fucking dumb.... wait one last part if a walker on a bike path has there child with them that is child indangerment for put ur child in harm's way. just think of being that kid and ur mom say here we go this and let's you run around, you being the child have no idea ur mom or dad just basically let play in traffic if people can get tickets for jay walking the need to do something about people walking and running on bike paths. I was injured to the point I can't ride a bike anymore because a jogger with headphones on ran on to the path right in front of me and cause me to hit a tree and broke both my hands to the point we're I can't write or even tattoo anymore. jogger never stop just yelled out ' watch the fuck out' so why do we have bike path if we can't enjoy to ride safely down them...every person caught walking or jogging down a bike path should charged with Jay walking and with a 1000$ fine first time. it's unsafe for the rider and the Walker or jogger and then it's always the bikes fault. it's not right and not fare the kid was a dumbass Her right leg is clearly broken. I feel sorry for the bou Pedestrian in Bicycle Lane

21966. No pedestrian shall proceed along a bicycle path or lane where there is an adjacent adequate pedestrian facility. Cant people get fined for walking on bike paths? So what good does it do for the pedestrians to report such an incident. Im sure they blamed the cyclist. These fucking people annoy the fuck out of me If that happened in Holland people world scream at the kids Not a the cycler and the parents of the kid world Get a ticket. People its a bike path ignorance whats seperate idiots to open minded people Oh so much drama from a cycle pedestrian accident. Broke a leg. Big deal it will heal. Sue those pedestrians. American in France lel So would it be the pedestrians at fault I would walk on that to be honest. That path is way nicer than the sidewalk and I wouldn't just assume its for bikes only. The annoying thing is, because the bikes think its bikes only they feel indignant about pedestrians and ride fast and cause them danger. City planning is a difficult thing and they are far from infallible, a little common courtesy smooths the bumps and if you want to push the limits you will lose everything, because cyclists are not liked in general. That is what you're doing with your """"moral of the story"""", you will ruin it for everyone because you reinforce the idea that cyclists are a self righteous asshole minority. Why did they blame it on the bike rider Its better, its the best manner for the parents to learn that they dont have to walk there Brother is wimp starts crying like his siter is going to die over her broken leg She deserved it. How dumb can you be This video is a good example of a thing called KARMA BITCH !!! The people that got hit are just fucking stupid shoulda walked on the good lane stupids Należało jej się Deserved hello is this the police, please take my sister with a broken leg to jail What is the sidewalk for?? Ur literally walking on bike lane 
That's what u get tho I know she’s badly hurt, but that doesn’t excuse that you’re supposed to walk on the pedestrian side.
“How can you do such a thing?” Yeah, cause he should totally be sorry for abiding to the fucking law. 












PS - I know she was hurt but fucking hell that screech pierces my eardrums Moral of the story GET THE DUCK PUT THE BIKE LANE One. There was a sidewalk right next to the cyclists lane! two. They put their children's life in danger walking where they shouldn't have been. Lil bro needs to stop being a lil bitch it’s a broken leg and not yours but that sucks for the girl damn Alguien Me Lo Traduce :/ Some people are idiots Bikes should just drive on road on shoulder prob solved That little girl dum dum for walking on bike path I don’t feel sorry Thought girl was over reacting but then saw that leg



That's wackkkkk I feel bad for the girl because her parents lead her on the wrong side of the path (literally) and she got her leg broken, but they were really the ones at fault Move bitch get out the way, get out the way bitch get out the way (she broke her leg? Sort it out mate, look up toughen up). Yeah yeah it is sad she broke her leg it will heal but she should have not been walking on the bike lane that is what she gets for doing that the girl probably jumped in the way of the person who was on the bike so it was not the bikers fault it was the girl and her parents fault there is a lane for bikers and a lane for people use your brain next time and walk on the right path maybe If you walked on the right path you would have not been hit and broke a leg This happened to my sister when she was very young.. Lol dumb shit jits. Fucking hell she has only broke her leg ye it will hurt but it was abit of an over reaction her brother starts crying she ain’t gunna die come on oof You stupid call ambulance not the police 'how could you do such a thing'


me: well it's your fucking fault IT'S A BIKE PATH FOR BIKES NOT FOR PEDESTRIANS so tbh if the little girl was walking on the pedestrian side she wouldn't have broken her leg so it's the family's fault not the cyclists as the family were in the wrong Keep your child off the bike lanes Well in this case you can’t blame the little girl she was just following her mom. But in general people please read. 😐 Ahahaha so funny this little guy ahahahahaha stupid people!! It’s no ones fault Why do you have to make it your business ? “Try’s to call police” like bro mind your own fucking business smfh I totally agree with you !!!! Pedestrian need to obey and take responsibility and not act like the victims I doesn't really understand, why the brother started crying when he reallized, that his sisters leg is broken🤔 That family deserved it no comment Seeesh People are so Ignorrant,they didn't even check if the bike was okay tsk!... 0:40 the kid is over exaggerating. It her fault for walking in the bike lane mom of the year award for getting your brat a broken leg goes to. The road was as straight as straight can be, how can a cyclist not see someone in front of them and why do they feel the need to continue going and expect others to move out of the way just because """"im in the bike lane""""? 
I guess city folks have this """"i have the right of way, you move"""" mentality which seem to go both ways Its good there are bike paths, maybe these cunts will stay off the road Fucking christ, it's a broken leg, not a Syrian bombing casualty, no need for the entire family melt down. Once I was riding along the bike lane when a rabbit jumped in front of me from out of the bush sadly I squashed it pretty hard and it didn’t survive. Bike lane,its a BIKE LANE.... It's there own fault they broke there leg When you don’t know how to parent. It so sad but at the same time it wasnt the bikers fought it was the podstrains fought J suis desole, mais cest la ligne des velos. Why would they say “how could you do such a thing!” When they were the idiots walking in the bycicle lane!! Pero esa zona es sólo para ciclistas La culpa la tiene la put@ niña que no a mirado y seguro que iva corriendo The kid and the mother are overreacting and they where on a bike lane Shit ass parents It’s the pedestrians problem She could have avoided her or braked Moral:
Get the fuck out dumbass bitches from my fucking zone u stupid morons!!!
/
That much better In France that’s a way for pedestrians and cyclist The big brother cried because her sisters legs broken.....if thats my sister i would laugh hehe Things happened on god's will That awkward moment when your teacher screams at someone in your class You better put her lil ass down and let her walk that shit off... You know damn well she didn't break her leg. Idiot's these days Fucking stupid to walk on bike lanes and then yell at someone for accidentally hitting your child that YOUVE put at risk by taking them on that path. Exactly but it was the fault of the girl so she doesn't have to cry She deserved everything Karma At least it wasn’t a car lol When the Mother told me how i Could do such a Thing i would say to her fuck off Yea they are called pedestrians and have the right of way. You are a vehicle and have to yield. By what you are saying stay off the roads because they are for cars. But oh no share the road for the bikes that have no qualm to run red lights and stop signs.. etc.. Hypocritical pos. Cyclist are mostly inexperienced. the mother is ignorent💀 who in there right mind would not be watching your kids ESPECIALLY in a public place with people on bikes. common sense is what that mother needs lmao but I hope her leg gets better soon :) What a little bitch of a kid lol my son would get the fuck back up vraiment des cons... In all honesty i would be screaming at the mother for letting her child be so careless. As a Canadian, I sincerely apologize for the existence of Quebec. 

Quebec is kind of like that retarded cousin. The family put the child in danger it’s not the bikers fault 1:13 wouldn't it be better to call the ambulance if a girl broke her leg? The fault there is of the parents I think it’s frustrating, in Spain it’s the same I was with my father and a bunch of tourist where in the middle my father try to advertise them but they didn’t move so my father fell in a bush Retards Yay If that was a car hitting a cyclist youd all blame the car get fucked So when there's a bicyclist in the in the street with a vehicle and he gets hit what's the moral of the story get that gay ass bike out of the fucken Street. It's sad she broke her leg, but it was their fault for walking on the clearly marked bike path! I am a scooter rider, and how many people I have knocked over in central park is quite.. astounding. BIKE LANES ARE FOR BIKES AND SCOOTERS PEOPLE! NOT YOUR MORNING STROLL I know that exact spot I had more common sense then those people when I was 4. Fucking idiots. Tbh why should we give a crap about pedestrians if they have no respect for the cyclists at all. Lol girls fault Dumbass people that's what happens when her parents slow 😂😂 God pedestrians are such tards sometimes.. They parents don't care about the children safety Les gens sont con😑 dumb child Reminds me of New York with how blatantly oblivious people are to the fact that they are walking on a fucking bike path... I mean, that would be like me walking down the middle of the road until I got hit by a car, then yelling at the driver like it was their fault. Sometimes I wonder if people can actually read!! It’s the little girls fault This clearly looked like and accident maybe that little girl has those little skating shoes n wanted to try on bicycle lane Cyclist get doored and they deserve it. Insurance should be mandatory if they want to share the road period. Or slow the fuck down if someone is in your way move? Let me put it to you very simply if im in the bike lane and you run into me im taking your bike or your teeth probably both bikers pretend like they own the world like move out of my way im on a bike or think about it if you wanna bike try places not filled with people walking or just go fuck yourself honestly this ima run into you if your in the bike lane attitude is fucked your blocking my lane too fucking bad grow the fuck up not everbody wants to have a bike going 30 miles an hour blasting past them if you ride bikes respectfully and carefully i have no problem but to be out of control on a bike to the point of breaking a little girls leg because “ she was in the bike lane “ is redicules and deserves a major ass whoopin and beg for any of these fags to ride by me while im in the bike lane This is why I mountain bike on dirt trails I live next to a bike trail and kids are always getting hit because they run in front of cycilest without looking and parents always blame the cyclist Parents fault it is a bike lane why is the boy crying his sister didnt die or something Would you walk in the middle of the street? Then don't walk in the middle of the fucken bike lane either. 0:43 should of gotten out of the way Get out of the fucking bike lane then geez Etf tey act like its yours fault ehen you hit a girl on bikers line like doesnt the name just tell that yiu shouldnt walk there It their fault who get hurt,not the cyclist Cyclist in montreal are a bunch of assholes...they want now close the Mont royal mountain due to these scumbag. It makes me angry that the mother thinks its the cyclists fault, when they were clearly illegally walking on a bike lane, just sickening. I have so much more to say but no way to word it. The bicycle sign is only in one tiny  spot though which the family may have not even seen, there's no line in between or anything else distinguishing what's the bike lane and walking lane I honestly don’t feel bad at all because it’s the mothers fault for leading the daughter on to the bike lane, she should’ve went on the sidewalk made for people to walk on... Omg what are they doing in a bike lane. It is partially there fault too. yes it’s sad she broke her leg but still then saying “how could you do such a thing?” Is so frustrating I mean its their fault too. Fuck them should turn around build up speed come back and plow the parents over Or simply slow down on your bike! Cyclists feel they have a given right! And yes I'm a cyclists! Dib shit That'll teach em💯 LOL Cyclist is at fault. No question. Mint People need to learn how to get the frick out of the bike lane. That's exactly how i feel when cyclist take up the whole dawm road (they at least know what side of the road to stay on although) is that dumb bitch really screaming """"how could you do such a thing"""" .. ..... how could you put your kid in danger by walking in a clearly marked bicycle lane Both sides where for bikes, the foot path for pedestrians is on the other side of the bushes it’s the people who walk in the bike lanes fault The chick left her shoe Oh poor girl, that must REALLY hurt but it is her fault for walking in the CYCLING LANE tho The moral is two part: 1. Teach your kids pedestrian safety. 2. Teach them that if they fuck up, they need to own it and not cry like whiny little bitches. what's the moral. that this could've been avoided by the cyclist. just because they were in the cyclist lane is no excuse for a broken leg. they could've slowed down and tools them that they need to walk somewhere else. but it could've been easily avoided if they were never in that Lane to start with Shut the fuck up  ! Calling police mr. Savior  . Accidents happen crack head Duuuude her mom was walking WITH her...!!!
And after the mother is lifting the child causing bigger problem to the fracture...!!!
And this is in Europe!!! Not Islamabad.. Answer to this problem, snow plow attached to the front. I don't care that she broke her leg she was walking on the bike lane Lmao retarded french that girl who is crying deseves to be knocked out Serves the bitch right FUCKING PARENTS...HAPPY THAT YOUR DAUGHTER BROKE HER LEG BECAUSE OF YOU? Stupid fucks... I hope there are charges pressed against the parents for this. Well, next time they wont walk on bicycle lane. Yet in my city cyclists use the sidewalks instead of the bike lanes..pisses me off. Its there own fault really Pedestrians are stupid. I’ve seen idiots walk in the middle of traffic and cross the intersection like crazy motherfuckers. Good thing many of my relatives are lawyers people will always be stupid they say stay in your lane boy It’s simple be an adult and drive a car Oh 


Oh damn


Okay

Bitch is ded Watch ur damn kids people! Blame the parents. Thats what they get. And really they called the police when really its reserved for bikers.
Its the parents fault for not beinging alerted. And theres a sidewalk for a reason smh I didn’t see anything, but was there a sign saying no pedestrians?? Some cities have a sign with a human with a circle and line through it to signify no humans on the bike path..... I know I get frustrated with the runners running in what is clearly marked a bike lane. me explican ay Clearly the biker was hurt too, wasn't her fault. The parents screamed at the biker of what she has done. There is a clear lack of understanding that all this could have been avoided if the kid and the parents used the sidewalk which was perfectly clear! oh well kid put a cast on it your fault for walking on the bike lane I get it right it’s a bike lane. However, the bikers have a chip on their shoulder and don’t slow down cause they are mad. This is what happens. Slow down on the bikes peeps! Why don’t you watch out for your kids and tell them to get out of the bike lane dumbasses! Typical french canadians stuck up brats with no common sense Poor kid. Incompetent parents Why don’t people just use the path it’s perfectly fine see this is what happens Damn I want to slap that bitch it's called a bike path for a  reason I feel bad for the kid yeah but the woman clearly felt bad and the parents were more in the wrong and everyone else in the bike lane Why was the girl hit in the first place? This all comes down to irresponsible parents not looking to see where their children are and walking where pedestrians are not supposed to be. They should know better. It sucks to see the girl got hurt but it’s a fucking bike lane!!! The parents should have been more aware! That bike road is in no use as long as there are pedestrians walking. The bikers know there are people walking. There's no excuse for accidents, because bikers had been aware that there were people walking and already realized the danger. I'd ask the city authority or call police to let no pedestrians on the bike roads. But, once pedestrians are on the road, speeding while being aware of them is a wrong and unreasonable choice. The pedestrians don't deserve not to be struck by bikes, but the bikers don't deserve not to prevent and expect the higher likelihood of hitting the pedestrians, either. There's no right for a biker to ride like there's no fault in one when hitting pedestrian, when being aware that there are already pedestrian. The rider involved in the accident had a choice not to speed (she should've ridden relatively fast for a bike because a child's leg was broken, or carelessly ridden the bike if not speed). Would the court talk about only the pedestrian's fault if both the injured and the biker were prosecuted? I don't think so. The weather looks good and hence good visibility, and also the road is relatively linear rather than curved much, so one can look far ahead. It's not a car road, where cars can't stop that fast because of the weight. The traction and grip of the bike roads are good for stopping compared to mountain bike roads. Bikes don't speed as much as cars as a leisure sport and are way lighter, so not being able to stop and to expect any obstacles are not much of an excuse even though valid to a degree.
It's not to say either the pedestrian or the rider involved is 100% wrong for one side for this accident. It's that there shouldn't be justifying one's action in this accident, because accidents can be prevented and there are some points that could be improved upon in this video that could result in No accident. No person injured is better than to judge after accidents already happened about who has more fault in it. That's waste of time and money. Lowkey kinda want to see the broken leg No one told your child to walk on the bike lane. That poor biker :( Clearly it’s the girls and her family’s fault the bicycle rider wasn’t at fault bc it’s a bike lane so I actually don’t feel bad for her bc it’s her fault I realize this is technically a bike lane, but is it really worth injuring someone just to prove a point? And please don't say something like you can't stop in time so it's not your fault. Unless you are going 60 kph on that bike you should be able to stop before hitting someone. 

French-Canadians are strange people to me. She got what she deserved The French! Over dramatic it's not there fault it's the bike on a bike lane? Is the shoe ok I feel really bad for the poor girl, but I mean, there’s a bike lane for a good reason. It’s clearly the parents fault for not watching their kid, and letting them wander to the bike lane 🤷‍♂️ These people are stupid for walking on THE BICYCLE LANE Nobody wants to hurt kids. You may be in the right, you may have stood your ground, you may have won the argument. Very clever. So you can sleep well tonight right? But you did an awful thing. 

Ride with care and consideration for others, and make allowances for stupidity (people breaking the rules and poor design). You're not the police and sometimes the cost of winning outweighs the benefits. Just like walking on the freeway. A dumb idea. (And illegal in most states) I ran over a pedestrian once in a bike lane. He got super pissed because my pedal cut his arm pretty badly but I was like dude use the sidewalk. It’s basically like walking on train tracks and getting mad at the train conductor for running over your kid. The lack of common sense is mind blowing.....🤯 Zero sympathy.  Karma's a bitch. I was walking on a bridge once. With my mum and her friend behind me . There was no separate path on that bridge. There was 2 cyclists behind my mother and her friend . They both overtook my mother and her friend like normal.  But then one of them decided to go back infront . Then bang.  I fell down . The man on the bike  fell on his back his feet still in pedals.    Wasnt that fun ! Uhhhh you can see her broken leg.... yikes okay. she broke her leg. every child does that. it’s the pedestrian’s fault in this case. no one was concerned for the bicycler. it’s not the cycler’s fault. it’s the pedestrians. The parents of the kids are idiots because if they didn't go on the side for the bikers of course they wouldn't get hit by one of them. So technically it wasn't the biker's fault it was theirs. But I do feel bad for the little girl though. Parents have to make sure that kids don't walk out onto a road, why is it different with bicycle lanes? Obviously the mother is going to be upset because her kid is hurt, but it's her fault that they were walking on the bicycle lane and she has absolutely no right to scream at the cyclist. The way cyclists are treated is ridiculous. I hope there is a fine in Canada for walking on the bike lane, people who do this need to learn a lesson. I feel bad for the girl, but at least she'll know that she will have to be more careful in the future (although personally i think she's old enough..or at least looks old enough... to know that you shouldn't walk on a cycling lane) Kids should be taught this from an early age lmao i would have done a lot worse than that to someone if they were so oblivious to walk in the bike lane whilst someone is coming towards them at full speed So what if she broke her leg, they should not be walking there anyway, their dumbass fault Hit and run bro More like """"pedestrian gets in the way of people on a bike lane"""" if you don't want your kid to get hit, get some fucking brains and walk on the perfectly fine pedestrian walkway right next to you We should bring the bike bell back. 
Not that the pedestrians were in the right. 
I just miss the occasional bike bell. So dramatic Feel sorry for the young girl but what the hell walking on a cycle lane. People walk there dogs and run on them too. Just fuck off on a pavement. It's not all yours. Fuck off. I didn't realize there was a  sidewalk til the end. Why would you walk on a bike path if there's a sidewalk right beside you?! Stupid Ugh that pisses me off the idiots walking in the wrong path in danger themselves and others And i have seen cyclist  on walklanes a trillion Times and event in THE highway.... Retarded är everywhwre om foot in bikes and in cars.... Possibly a silly question, but are the accesses from the sides signposted as this being a cycle lane?  There is only one marking on the ground that I could see [at the start] that indicated a cycle lane.  In the UK cycle lanes are either on the road, or if on a pavement they are shared with pedestrians and there is a lot of signage indicating which side of the path is the cycle lane both on the ground and on poles.

At 18 & 28 s there are access points from the left that don't appear to have warning signs, is this the case? Cyclist should respect when there’s no bike lanes in the street and pedestrians should respect the cyclist lane if we respect the rules shit like this wouldn’t happen! Clearly their fault but poor kid Parents are solely to blame not the cyclist. Not the kids fault stupid parents Well, as long as the child is crying I wouldn't worry too much. Children r dumb even if ur driving so slow that ur almost walking, they'll still jump infront forreal, they always decide to randomly cross last minut Terrible its kind of like when bikes clog our roads instead of riding on the shoulder. You force traffic into the other lane or we have to stop ,because if there is an accident its never the bikes fault is it! Irony! Path way too narrow for both walkers & bikers! Bicyclists at cruising speed should be with the cars in city traffic! OR....pay attn. to the whereabouts of ppl walking! Especially children! Just as ppl driving a vehicle need to watch for bikers (& walkers), ppl on wheels need to watch out for pedestrians! You LOSE! GOOD DAY SIR! Parents are to blame for taking up all the lanes. They should try walking on/along the road where cars drive next. Omg ye ram these bitches over if they dont know how shit works so fuck them I blame it on the parents , are they retarded why would they freaking walk on a bicycle path , Dumbasses I wish we could persuade Cyclists to use the multi-million pound super expensive exclusive cycle ways we paid for in England, but Roads and Pavements are much preferred. Toothpick bone ? poor lady she probably feels so guilty for that Hahaha. Next time I’m bringing a bulldozer right into the cycling lane! A little tooooo dramatic. I'm a big fan of bicycle accidents SHAME! WALK ON PROVIDED SIDE! Or maybe you inconsiderate bikers need to slow the fuck down just incase there are children walking etc you need to be aware of kids when your driving on a road in a car cause yup they shouldn't be there BUT THEY JUST MIGHT BE ! Keep your eyes peeled and slow the fuck down especially seeing that path is full with people walking biking and skating zzz bikers are so pretentious and self absorbed it's disgusting They doserve it This pisses me off. Clearly says one side is for bicycles, but people don't care. Oh! But when someone gets injured, """"It's all your fault!"""" conversation. Tch! Omg the mother tho dumb ass why would people be walking in BIKE PATHS I mean it clearly says Bikes only not people xD lmao gotta love people People are odidots aometimes bro The fact that they're yelling at the lady who accidentally hurt the child bothers me because shes just doing what shes supposed to do BIKING ON THE RIGHT SIDEWALK IDOITS- 2K18 Rafiki: It doesn't matter its in the past Would have broken the cyclist legs as well!! You’re in the bike lane can you please move, you’re in the bike lane can you please move French In my country there are lines for cyclist and pedestrians but everyone doesnt follow it, so either cyclist need to stop abruptly every time or pedestrian play tom and jerry. Now cyclists understand the frustration drivers have when they ride in the middle of the road Parents should watch their kids more carefully Those 1K people who disliked are those pedestrians who walk on bicycle paths and got injured and blamed it on the cyclist and hopefully learned a lesson. Bikers.. avoid pedestrians at all costs, pedestrians... stay out of the fuckin bike lane. Ps... get your kids some milk for fuck sake. People and their common sense, I would’ve been like “How could I? This is a bike lane!” Oh my gosh these people 😒🤦🏻‍♀️ It’s the mother fault she should have gotten her leg broken not her child Lol stupid ass parents, it's too bad the kid got hit instead of the parents Well fucking walk to the other side next time As a responsible person i make sure my children and I always  never step onto a cycle lane as its so dangerous...you cant see behind you when your walking forward and i think its just dam rude if you go into there lane...same with cars on the road... serves them right One of the most annoying things i encountered was a pack of marathon runners but they're running in the whole fucking lane and... Oh my goodness christ get the fuck off the lane i nearly crashed into some kid twice and some dude Poor girl, at least they learned theres a side walk One time I was on a bike lane (with my bike) and there were a bunch of people walking. In front of me there was a guy jogging, so i moved to the other side of the lane were other people will aprouch.  Once I moved a guy came from underneath a small hill going fast and ...BOOM I know this old port region and there is much care for the bikes as every Main Street in Montreal has designated bike lanes but tourists don’t give the respect to the bikes because where they’re from the pedestrians always have the advantage dont walk in the fuckin bike lane , retards Thank you for this video! As obvious as it is, I admittedly do walk on bicycle lanes only when the area is quiet although I still shouldn't! Only got themselves to blame Alright, look, I get it, she got hurt, so sad and all. But seriously, it’s their own fault. Especially because children her age are very unaware and clumsy. Just today, I was at Walmart, and my mom was driving the cart, and this little girl just about ran into the cart, but my mom stopped really fast and said “be careful” to get the girl’s attention. If not, she would’ve bumped right into it. Little kids never pay good enough attention, so why in the world would you EVER put them somewhere that they could get hurt real easily. Basically the same as walking in the middle of a street with passing cars, just slightly less dangerous. Bunch of pussys They we’re in the right lane """"How could you do such a thing"""" how dare you cycle on a cycling lane I don’t feel bad one but for the girl and her mom is a bitch, keep your kids under control duh Shit shouldn't have been in the biking lane that's their problem How can the mom be so mean to the lady? It's a BIKE path and it's not like the lady could have slowed  down in time, plus you can clearly see she got hurt as well. It's that dumb mother's fault for putting her whole family and the cyclists in danger. I mean I understand she must feel so scared and worried for her daughter but she should realize her own mistake as well That’s your fault for walking on the bike lanes which you can see is obviously for bikes Yeah poor girl for breaking her leg, but also why were they walking in a place reserved for bikes? They probably should’ve been more careful of that. I have to say, they over reacted, esspecially that it was all the pedestrians fault! Also a Brocken let isn't the worst ingury in the world... Is it? Karma biiiitchh bruh if i was the cyclist and they start shouting at me i wouldve shouted back so that everyone could hear that they were standing on the fucking wrong lane, it definitely wasnt her fault but the parents fault for not controlling their child, what a piece of shit Brother making a fuss because he's not getting the attention. This is what happens to children with idiot parents lmaooo idiots what the fuck did they expect to happen humans need sense in there lives Poor kid man :( Idiots deserves it t I once hit a person in a bike lane in my ebike at about 25mph I just kept going Her stupid mom Piece of shit kid Use your fucking head and dont walk on on the bicycle lane its not the girl who was on the bikes fault its the peoples fault for walking on that lane For real, j'habite à mtl aussi et ya toujours des gens au milieu du chemin Don't walking bike paths and make sure your kids know how to stay out of cyclists way. I would have slapped that bitch down shouting at the cyclists was her fault for letting child walk into incoming bicycles I've got one word

""""PEOPLE ARE IDIOT STUPID AND ASSHOLES""""

RESPECT HUMANITY ASSHOLES When children are involved, all care must be taken to insure the their safety regardless of the paths intended traffic goers and regardless whether or not that child is supervised. You don't keep driving on a road if you see a child in the middle of it, do you. 
In Australia and New Zealand both the operator of the bicycle and the child's parents would be held accountable to some degree. People just read signs and go the right path. It is not that hard... Ha i hate kids anyway. Lol. The moment they start crying there is always a slight pause rofl Why so fucking dumb there are 2 fucking paths they should know the difference Who are the 1 thousands d idiots that disliked the video. It's is true that pedestrians are the problem in this case simply because they do not oblige with traffic rules. So, quite obviously the family with the child's broken leg issue a fault for being on the bicycle. While the cyclist was following the traffic rules, staying in the cycling lane. Stupid fucking parents need a slap 👋 lol the thing is it doesnt specify that its a bike lane EVERYWHERE. the cyclist should be considerate that theres people everywehre on this path, and SLOW DOWN. no one gives a shit that you want to go fast and dangerous enough to hit people hard. Fucking dumbasses go where your supposed to go and maybe this wouldn't happen This is how car drivers feel about cyclists The brother is so sweet! 😧 this video got me so frustrated ESPECIALLY when the lady was accusing the cyclist of PURPOSELY HITTING the girl? excuse me get her off the bike path and that never would have happened????????? Evan if the biker wasn’t paying attention it’s still the girls families fault because if they want to walk in a BIKE path and get hurt that’s their fault Ok literally I got triggered when she said how could you do such a thing. How about you control your child and that wouldn’t have happened That's like walking in the middle of a road with cars and expecting nothing to happen to you. “How could you do such a thing” says the mother who put her child in danger by letting them walk in the bike path The woman was obviously injured as well. Keep your stupid brat out of the damn way and don't blame the woman for something that's obviously your fault. At 0:55 you can see she broke her lower leg Well that was the girl fault What about when cyclist get in the car lanes?? And a car hits them.. All he'll brake loose.. Fucking shit Why would you call the police it was jut an accident I’m assuming the rider is at fault ? Only assuming that Bc if a car hits someone they’re usually at fault. Maybe she should have kept her but on the sidelines I haTE idiots Gotta love inbreds. But if you look... it looks like the path is not marked so people could have not known How stupid can people get Nice one 👍 cyclist you can prevent this to people, also pedestrian dislike this video because they don't care about any danger that make them so stupid Well i've walked on bike lance 2. And if I got hit I would be like yup I desereve this lmao. Im stupid This and at the beach, where it’s obviously impossible to walk on sand and let people on bicycles actually be able to travel places :) we went on a family trip once and we were walking (on the pedestrian path) but my little brother decided to go into the bike path and he was almost hit by a guy and his girl friend they got off the bikes to ask he he was ok and they were Apologizing but my dad told them not to worry about it bc my brother shouldnt have been in their way in the first place """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Lady I don't think she ment to hit your daughter...id anything you should be walking on the sidewalk kindly provided and built by the city from tax payers like you...thank you god they probably deserve it if you their not on the goddamn right side 😡😡😩 Once I was cycling and this kid ran out on me after he crossed he called me names and told his mom who was arguing with me tho its a bicycle lane I should be careful full of pedestrians I said no and she said yes she hit me and I knocked her out cold and left her there in the grass beside her son WHY DO PEOPLE WALK ON BIKE PATHS?? that annoys me so much. Like there is a sidewalk literally right there. Cyclists are still annoying cancerous cells that wonder about the streets. Bite me. And fuck you. That's why u keep ur kids on leashes i thought it was a little crash like a tiny bump
but no
i sure was wrong Ok, i feel sorry 4 the little girl and her family, and that shouldnt have happened to her. But its their fault, can they read? People need to listen to road rules aother wise things like that will happen, if u look carefully when the riding who is filming to crash, the family is covering to whole path, left and right, leaving no room 4 other people. So if they were to stay on the right side, this would have never happened. If i was the rider who had hit her, yes i would be sorry, but also pissed off. The mother said """"how could u do such a thing"""" yes, it would have been a terrible experice, but just follow the rules and u will b fine. Wat im tryijg to say is, follow rules, or that will happen and its the familys fault. Sorry if that sounds rude, its just my opinion with facts. Aw poor boy How could you do such a thing me your walking on the damn bicycle road your going to get hit Honestly they deserved it :/ What morons! It’s a BIKE lane, maybe now they will learn their lesson the mother is to blame. she should know better. Fucking kids dude Honestly everyone freaking out makes it 10x worse I hope they all rot in hell It is a shame she got hurt, but that side is for biking only. They should of known better and obeyed the rules, but still, true shame she got hurt. Some people are just idiots that are quick to blame others for their mistakes, meaning the injured childs parents This is so sad 😭 Which place? What is it about you cyclist? You keep pounding it to people about sharing the road but when it comes to sharing paths with pedestrians you complain. You're the most whiners in the face of the earth. Share the the road, share the path. Pedestrians have rights too. It's the parents fault not the biker It’s coming from both sides. Yes they shouldn’t of been walking in a bike lane and it’s some what of the mothers fault for letting herself and her children walk there. But also the bike people ride pretty fast as it becomes an issue from the cyclist as well. But when you look at the bike lane compared to the road next to it with the pedestrian path. The mother obviously thought that it looked safer and better for her family as a mother wants there children to stay away from the road. But the mother who spoke in French when she said how could u do such a thing well they shouldn’t of been on the cycle path I feel sorry for the girl but THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU WALK IN THE BIKE LANE BITCH! Yes it's a terrible thing that the girl had her leg broken, but the people screaming 'how could you do such a thing' really frustrates me. The line splitting the path is there for a reason, and the parents have no one else to blame but themselves unfortunately. that little bitch deserved it. Dont fucking walk on bike lanes. I remember I was riding my bike and a car was coming at me at about 95 mph, and it nearly missed. The stupid lady ran a red light and yells out of her window """"stupid kid!"""" I felt like beating the shit out of her and her retarded sister or friend That's what they get. I feel bad for no one. The little girl and hopefully her brother will grow up and never walk in the bike lane if not natural selection will take her out. There's no hope for their dumb entitled parents. The only thing they can do it's a totally separate lane from pedestrians well bike idiot dont ride on the road .. fck wit When I am cycling I just run them over  because they deserve it. SideWALK.  How hard is that to define?  Idiot no-account mother is to blame. Their fault! it clearly says bicycle lane! And mine even says YOU WILL GET HURT BY PASSING BIKES Was 100% the lil girls fault Kmt deserved it. Don't walk in the bike lane I don’t feel bad for the girl Going out on a limb here but that bike path is crap, there's barely any signs that shows the path is exclusive to bikes That path that the pedestrians were on didn’t show that it was only for bikes. It was the people that made the side walks fault. Why would you call the police And people also shouldn’t ride their bikes on the street with cars and not expect to be hit. Double standard It’s frustrating being a cyclist. I feel like people who are walking think they’re so entitled, and get to take up an entire sidewalk, it sucks. Τhis video made me feel oddly satisfied I feel bad for the two kids cuz they probably didn’t know better, it was the adults fault To be fair, I'm not 100% convinced the cyclist doesn't share blame.

Yes, walking in a cycle path is silly when there's a pavement... You wouldn't walk in a road.

But you still have to have caution and be aware of your surroundings the same way you would in a car... Possibly more because it's not as easy to stop a bike or take evasive manoeuvres in an emergency than a car and far easier to break a bike to the point you can't cycle it back home.

I cycle like I drive... I'm always ready for someone to do something stupid. Did no one learn anything from Pokemon? You can't enter a bike lane without a bike.

Seriously though, the parents are at fault. Even if they were just trying to cross the lane(although looks like they were just strolling down), it would have had to been at a marked crosswalk. Dont walk in the bikelane dumbo Soooo its my fault fooooiir following the rules ? I'm sorry but seriously? What did you expect? That's like me standing on a train track and expecting not to get hit by a train. Idiots... Yo, I'm going to Mars to get away from these dumbfucks. Peace! To bad so sad maybe they should move out of the way. Why is that gayboy wearing the blue shirt crying? Whoever made this is a little bitch The lady is like “HOW COULD YOU DO THAT?” Um excuse you? There’s a sidewalk for people to walk on right there. Why are you walking on the bike lane I think its the parents fault for showing there that it is ok for them to walk on the bike path Kill the damn child that got hurt It was their fucking fault for walking there. People are so stupid sometimes they blame it all on the cyclist cause they’re not smart enough to teach their child to walk in the right spot... parents should be setting a better example Thats like walking in the middle of the road and getting upset when a car runs you over And it's the idiotic family's fault for not paying attention. Listen French lady, that is a bicycle lane. So what do you expect? It’s all the woman’s fault and she basically put her own child in danger because that path is full of bikes where you can get hit. this pisses me off they have a perfectly good side walk to be walking on i get that they were tourists but just follow the fucking signs and people who aren’t are just plain stupid The mother has no right to yell and make that women feel bad. It's her fucking falt for walking there! The Hell is the Bullshit? I feel bad for the little girl """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!?""""

NO BITCH! How could you do such a thing to your daughter?!? Putting her in the way of oncoming cyclist is real smart 👍 Cycling is for kids, grow up and use a car , I stopped cycling and skateboarding and roller skating at 16 , never had any collisions since 😁 moral of my story ? Cycling is for kids Well the parents were not sensible by keeping control of the child she obviously walked infront of the bike If you are in charge of anything other than your legs, you are responsible for your actions and held accountable. And before you get on your keyboard high horse..., cyclists continually require motorised vehicles to Slow down and to give clearance when passing, is there not the obvious being stated here... Pedestrians have right of way always... period.... People’s stupidity is astounding sometimes Bike paths and walkways are often poorly outlined. Wish that girl died dumb piece of shit Why would you call the cops this is just a question so don't get mad but what would they do to help I really don't know but I bet there's a good reason shame welp it was the little girl fault And you my friend are one of all selfish cyclists out there, who believe that you have a mission from god............. Its kalled karma Wish she had of hurt the parents instead They dont know what die mean oh man, that poor girl's suffering was really hard to watch, like really really hard. and when the brother started crying too it was difficult to watch. i hope they are doign well, and i hope they learn to stay off bike paths next time I know you guys were defending the peeps. But what that woman did was uncalled for. Yelling at the cyclist for something she had no control over. She was fucking injured. For me that woman who yelled at the cyclist deserved to get hit not the kid Get off the fucking path damn Both of them need to watch out and pay more attention to their surroundings. It’s not one persons fault or the others. Is the bike ok It’s their parents fault cuz why do they let thier daugther walk in the bike lane it’s not the cyclist fault it’s the people’s fault for getting in their way Moral of story: DON'T FUCKING WALK ON BIKE LANES Ugh, knowing the kid she probably walked infront.. One Sunday I runned people walking on the bike lane over for fun and revenge... I was a kid, but still feels awkardly good. """"How could u do such a thing"""" 
You shouldnt be walking in the bike lane Idiots never cease to amaze me of what trouble they get into. Who cares those dumbasses were in the bike lane expect to get hit. Get rid of the retards. That girl should move out of the way I hope the cyclist dont get charged for medical bills :( The """"victim"""" is at fault The moral of the story """"Don't walk on bike paths"""". Really? .....I guess all bicyclists are perfect. Is that right?
Do you have bicycle insurance in case you cause an accident? Nope. Free health care in Canada, right? You cyclists own the road, the sidewalk, the beach, the mountain trails. Take some flipping responsibility. I don’t want to be mean, but she kind of deserved it. Her family is stupid; don’t walk on the pathway meant for bikes: I always thought it was common knowledge to walk on the side of the path that you'd drive on if the path were a street. 
So like I live in the US. Cars drive on the right. I walk on the right side of the sidewalk. But when I lived in Europe for a year, I walked on the left. Bicycles never hit me. And they would speed right past me. It didn't matter. Because people remembered to stay on the correct side. Bet you those mfs will learn now . SHE BROKE HER LEG! ?! Brother screams- how could you do such a thing!?! Me- than WHY where u walking on the bike lane dumb ass!!?? Fukcing retarded ass parents TBH it’s that parents fault for putting that girl in risk, better to be safe than sorry The parents are idiots As a bicyclist that bitch deserved it Let's put the mother at fault here. The mother clearly knew that it was the bike lane, but didn't care and continued along the path. The little girl did not know better, so she followed her mother. She just so happened to be in the wrong place, at the wrong time, and with the wrong person. Her mother was a blind idiot who didn't see what could've happened, and that's why her daughter broke her leg. Then she blames it on the poor woman who accidentally hit her daughter with her bike. Nice going, lady. Wth mother. Dont pick her up, let a proffesional help her. She couldve made the leg worse UGHHHH BUT WHY IS IT OKAY FOR YOU TO BE ON THE ROAD FOR C.A.R.S? The girl, at most, probably fractured her knee or has a really bad laceration in her leg. No bruising, her leg isn't bent all weird, she's just crying a fucc ton. hits pedestrian with bike 

Pedestrian: HELP I'VE  BEEN HIT I BROKE MY LEG 

that nigga from spongebob: My LeG

Me: Its just a bike IT ISNT A CAR i read pederastian lmao if my brother break his leg i would be cracking my ass off Hahaha stupid parents breed stupid kids How can people be so stupid! Stupid fucks walking on bike line I feel bad for the woman who hit the girl. She kept on apologising whilst the mother was screaming at her; also, they were on the cycle lane Finally i saw someone get hit k a r m a It’s the kids fault for standing in bicycle lane honestly how can people be so fucking braindead I dont see how you would know there was a dedicated lane if you joined anywhere but the start...it is not marked continually so to my view it is not a cycle lane. Also far too narrow to pass other cyclists who were all on the other side. STAY IN YOUR LANE Omg so true lol Nigga in my country we don't have lanes, like I used to ride in my area( goli forgot English term for it, where people and all vehicles would go in the same lane and it was one way)
There was this one time that when I cycling, I rung the bell on my cycle to tell them to move away. Those dumb bitches moved infront of me. I hit them while pressing the brakes and pretended to get hurt after lightly hitting a wall to prevent them from creating drama🤔🤔 I was kinda smart when I was 10 I got hit by a car in the bike lane It’s how the parent shouted that how could u do such a thing.
But then she let her poor child go into a cyclist lane like how could she do such a thing she technically caused her child to break her leg Ive been there......








Rip leg, feels bad when the bro sees his sisters broken leg I feel sorry for the poor girl because their parents show them to go on the wrong path it’s not even the guys fault it’s the parents fault actually The dad is just standing there.... How stupid can people get Yep, it’s like that in Montreal Omg if you go back you can see the girls right leg 100% broken poor girl! But also come on people. Lets ban bikes That's just funny...
HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?
Bitch, your the one on the bicycle lanes the french are pussies, most of Europe why dose the mom blame the cyclist when its there fault Not the bikers fault It wasn't the bike rider's fault yall shouldn't be walking here (that what I be saying :P) Seriously fuck you Oh suck it the fuck up... Try getting hit by a fucking car. It's a bike lane bad parenting That was entirely the mothers fault. fuckin pedestrians walkin on dem bikelanes Can i laugh I would bitch slap the parent

EDIT: With the back of my hand There is a reason it’s called a bike lane. It’s for bikes, not pedestrians. It’s simple rules if you don’t want to get hurt then walk on the sidewalk, I understand the mum was concerned in the heat of the moment because her child broke her leg but it was no where near the cyclists fault. II feel bad for the cyclist that hit the kid, the little girl, and her brother. But the parents should of have known better... """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Excuse me lady how could endanger the life of the cyclists and your own children by walking on a bike lane? It’s like those protesters that stand in the middle of the road. Which one hit her? I feel bad for the cyclist :(
Foolish parents ugh Stop Crying, I have broken my leg! Grow up!!! Poor girl just because of her dumb ass parents she got hit 🤦🏼‍♀️ There should be a law for this. Lol So much empathy...what is wrong with people. It's up to the parents to keep their child out of harms way, they failed to do that De grill is dedddd
Nigga actin like a tank just went across her feet Parents are such entitled scumbags, I see them pushing strollers through the middle of the road all the time. But there’s signs all the way down the pavement... First world problems :v What are the police gonna do? Arrest the little girls’ leg? Rip Can people follow simple rules? I see kids get hurt all the time because their parents are idiots. speeds up I feel bad for the little girl. Personally, I think it's her parents fault for taking her in the bike lane I was calling them stupid but when the brother puts his head in his hands i couldn't help but feel bad like wow Well cyclists don't seem to care about cycling on foot paths, so why get the hump when pedestrians walk on the cycle lane. And as for pedestrians being 'obstacles', then what does that make cyclists on roads? All I unterstand is Baguette Jesus Christ people are pussies. Acting like it’s d-day and the kid had its leg blown off. And then the brother breaks down like a lil bitch too, my god I think people forget we are animals sometimes and more like we are made of glass. And not moving a centimeter when you ring or say hello or something. Annoying creatures. I don't feel sorry for the kid I know this sounds horrible and everyone would hate me for saying this, but I think that the girl who got bit deserves it. She was walking in a cycle lane a probably not looking where she was goin Too bad. They were in the bike lane. :P I love how people act even angrier when it’s mostly their fault. Like she intentionally did it. I understand the girl is in a huge amount of pain but honestly why is the family acting like it’s the end of the world? She broke her leg, yes it’s painful but she will recover, it’s not like she was unconscious Why was he calling the police? An ambulance would be nice people should treat bike lanes like roads, like would pedestrians just walk in the middle of the road where the cars are at? no! so why do it to the bike lane??? there are sidewalks for a reason I kinda feel bad but at the same time I don't. That's what you get for being in a bike lane. Hate to sound heartless but as someone who rides I deal with this problem all the damn time. And people get hurt because they're in our way. If it's a bike lane, expect there to be bikes. That's why there are bike lanes. But no. People have to be dumbasses, not a give a shit, they or their kids get hurt, & they try to make the cyclist look bad. No. It's not the cyclists fault Weak kind of people.. Always complaining.. Weak race This happend to me when i was small i was not injured but the whole bike rolled over me with the guy in it, he did not even look back to see if im ok This stuff happens on every fucking bike lane in any relatively large city. I once had to tumble down a set of stairs about 3 feet because a mother wasn't watching her kid and I didn't want to hit it. Took a nasty spill and had to wipe the skidmarks down with a bandanna and go home from my bike ride early. Pedestrians assume they are entitled to the bike lane. Serves them rite CPS should take her kids away dip shit put her kids life at risk because of her own stupidy and ignorance Stupid little shit The girl an her family got they deserve the girl hurt and the family a big bill for a cast if any or the people watching this video walk on bike paths too fuck you Brush some people Probably learn to walk on the right side then It wasn't the cyclists fault because that family were walking on the cycle side when they were supposed to be walking on the walking side The mothers reaction is pathetic Wtheck. That woman did have a right to be mad but you can obviously tell the person that hit the little girl was sorry and people really need to learn how to tell what's a bike path and what's a path for them. Curb your stupidity That little girl's was bent in an unholy way and I felt sick watching it dangle when her mother was carrying her. How could you feel safe walking there, bunch of cycle-paths Fucking idiots in the bike lane , what do they expect? They acted like it was the lady on the bike’s fault Well if i broke my leg, my bro will just be like “Eh, whatever” and go back to playing Roblox ;-;




What a nice brother i have 😕 Je prends les piétons grosses patates de forains et c'est réglé That girl got her lesson Its the little girls fault. She should be grown enough to watch out for a bike and understand she's in a bike path 'but how could you do this' lol your fucking fault for walking on the bike path, there's literally a sidewalk right next to it, I fucking hate people where I live, always idiots. You gotta feel bad for the girl, but no one should’ve been walking there. There have got to be signs saying that it’s for cyclists only, right? Lmao ive broken bones in half before, i just try walking it off until the next morning. No problem, the pain is definitely bad but something i could ignore with some ice on it. """"How could you do such a thing?!?!"""" Well it's your fault for walking on the bike lane you idiot






Sorry but some people have 0 common sense And if you openly Look were the Girl was hit nothing was saying this was a bike lane. Were you pointed out it said there was a bike line, but not where they were located. Also, its rate next to a pedestrian walkway nothing dividing it what do you think is going to happen. They deserve it Stupid little girl deserved it if u ask me. Pedestrians on bike lanes that take up the whole fucking lane (both sides) and absolutely have no clue or pay no attention to what's going on around them deserve to be hit if u ask me Her own stupid was fault Stupid whining bitch shoulda moved why do you call the police her leg is broken 😂😂😂 """"How could you do such a thing""""

No real question is, why the fuck are you walking on the bicycle path? More like if you bring children with you watch out for them. Kids are just kids and want to play. Maybe the little girl ran into the cyclist on purpose then he probably didn’t see her and hit her HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING??? RIDE YOUR BIKE ON THE BIKE LANE AS WE WALK ON IT I’m sorry but why does this remind me of how your sim reacts when someone dies Every day in bike path in bulgaria those damn people cant understand to dont walk in bike path Omg that woman is yelling at her, i'd get up again on my bike and just cycle over on her head, stfu i live in Amsterdam and we have the exact same problem here. I’m really tired of people doing this but you can’t really do a lot against it. Sadly it had to be just about the only person who couldn’t really do anything about it since she should stay with her parents. Fucking idiots They deserve it THIS IS WHY YOU DON'T WALK ON BIKE LANES YOU IDIOTS. Natural selection doing its job 👌 Sorry but it’s that stupid families fault 🙄 I’m not a big bike rider but I don’t get in the way of those who are Cant the family see there is a normal walking path nearby do they really need to risk themselves.it really is their fault.she shouldnt be scolding the cyclist she should blame herself COMON THERES A SIDEWALK THAT ISN'T CROWDED 5 FEET AWAY FROM IT. Curb your ignorance Natural selection Cyclist pulls out in front of car carelessly because they think they are so important they dont have to pay road tax and gets hit. Moral of the story: pay road tax so you dont think your so important and have more care. Knkw your place. Pay road tax. Every other civilised car driver does. i am hit one lady just like this fucking retards i hoped they learned a lesson and I hit a damn 8 year old and he started to curse at me and I just said """"this wouldn't have happened if you weren't on the bike lane"""" I just shout at ppl to move the hell over if they are in the wrong lane. If the cyclists know there will be people on the cycle lanes maybe they should pre-empt them being there and slow down so they dont hit somebody at enough speed to break their leg. The woman on the bike is at no fault in this. It's the parents fault if they weren't watching their child. This pathway has a particular lane for bikes. If the little girl broke her leg it's the parents fault. Also when the mother said """"how could you do something like this?!?"""" Bruh!! Watch your damn kid! If this woman was sued or something like that, that bullshit. Fucking dumbasses. I mean I’m sorry that u broke ur leg but I mean be smart next time. I want to see more plz I feel bad for breaking her leg but her family shouldn’t have been such idiots. When I went to nyc my group and I decided to be smart people and actually stay on the walking lane while others kept getting hit A good rule of thumb is to slow down and sound your bell when you approach a pedestrian. This will prevent injuries. That was the pedestrians fault for walking on a cyclist’s area. Still, I feel bad for that girl. But Cyclists are the ones who get hurt when they are on the road... WHICH IS FOR CARSSSSSS Not to be mean but It's the mothers fault in putting her daughter in danger the cyclist did nothing wrong.
.. They did We know dude People Just do it care ty thing o fuck it its Life. boi like if you see my face how i got disgusted by those People. Mother:  """"How could you do this?!? """"
Yeah how could you of have let your daughter run in the bike path and then be surprised when she gets hit?  It's not like you can see that there are a lot of people riding bicycles.. That's what they get,lesson learned don't walk in the damn bike path BIKE lane Mom: takes whole family down dangerous path

daughter gets run over by bicycle

Also Mom: “how could you do such a thing?!?” sweeps up daughter and continues to walk down dangerous path It's the family fault I wudda jus dipped my nigga The French are assholes. My grandpa was right I guess. Stupid kid should have walked on the street There's a sidewalk right next to the bike lane!! Shouldn't be in the bike lane!!! Mom: how could you do such a thing

Me: it was definitely on purpose to hurt herself on a bike and break her leg Those people fucking deserved they were walking on bike lanes there fucking idiots They deserved it it was not the cyclist's fault that road was made for bicycles not for PEDESTRIAN Its not the bikers fault anyway.... Its the pedestrains who were in their way then don't bike in car lanes :) 🤣🤣get off the bike lane idiots I would've purposely run into some one and be like """"hahahahahahaha! Next time go onto the sidewalk Why is this a problem?? Cyclists should watch where they are going like walking people. And teach your kid to not run arount like a nutjob. I've never seen anything like this happen where I live. Today I almost hit a little girl walking in the wrong lane. I live in DC where we have the capital crescent trail (which is open for cyclists and pedestrians) and a girl ran out right i front of me leading me to turn off of the trail to the side. I could have easily hit her and seriously injured her but the whole thing could have been avoided if her stupid parents kept her close. i don't feel bad for the ones walking. its their fault theres literally a sidewalk on the left parents fault🤷🏽‍♀️ Who hit the kid tho? Well better watch out next time 🤔 Idiot woman Dam u live in montreal were i live """" how could you do such a thing!?"""" 
my response: how could you be so stupid, the bike picture on the path isn't for your enjoyment it's a sign It’s all there fault, they were in the  bike lane 😡 BIKE LAAANE, YOU’RE IN THE BIKE LAAANE, DON’T WALK IN THE BIKE LAAANE, CAN YOU PLEASE MOVE! whole family walkin on cycling lane, and she said how could he do such a thing People are so dumb BIKE LANE Look at that bicycle lane. The whole lane is clear without any picture to tell it is bicycle lane except in the first part of the vid. Cant blame the ped completely. The little brother was crying, dude she broke a leg, she’s not going to die. Some people panic so badly. THAY DESERVE IT NEXT TIME WALK ON THE RIGHT SIDE Mocos de mierda, ni que la hubiera atropellado un camión At first I thought she was just being annoying but then I read that her leg broke and I'm like...ouch What do you mean """"how could you do that"""" lady, YOU WERE IN THE FUCKING BIKE LANE Fuck them. They deserve to be hit if they're that stupid. If that bitch hit my niece or daughter like that with the bike then I would've caved her jaw into the back of her brain Honestly you should have stud up for the cyclist because is was the family s fault that sister is such a bitch I know your sis got hurt but its your familys fault i honestly don't care about the little girl falling and breaking her leg it's just the fact that they were on the bike lane and CLEARLY you see bikers riding their bikes and theres a sidewalk RIGHT NEXT TO IT. please be smarter. don't do it for you, and do it for your kids lady. even the biker was hurt but no one card about her !! shame. Well its their own fault let a little kid get in my way, I’ll mount that fucker. I mean those people deserved it It’s the dumb fucking pedestrians fault and for them to get mad is just ridiculous honestly. The biker should be mad. Would she walk on the road and blame cars for hitting her kid?? 1:00 I really hate when people that passing by and had no business just looking like that, i'll be like """"what? You want some insta story??"""" Bruh I don't feel sorry unless the way they were coming didn't display a cyclist lane. Then everyone is going to say """"you're heartless"""" 







Me: I know and idc They need to learn to move if a cyclist is coming Fuck that family the mom is a half-minded fuck and i feel bad for the brother and sister that they have such idiotic parents with no common sense It was really stupid to pick up that girl. If she broke her leg you should try and keep it straight ( if the foot is already turned to the outside just leave it) you could worsen the fracture of the leg. And in ang case you would hurt the little girl even more by picking her up. If you ever find someone with a broken leg try to give it some support and wait for the ambulance. Fuck you I'm so sorry about saying this but I hate kids. They are just kind of dumb. Sorry it's just my opinion. Brother a pussy That's Quebec for ya. No problems here in the netherlands Stupid mom who let her daughter walk at the bike lane Bikes need to have horns. STUPID people Trying to call police but he didnt see they were right in front of him He should've pulled out Holy shit i looked closer and that is a gross break 0:54 look at her left leg (my left) """"How could you do such a thing"""" lol, maybe next time you don't walking in the freaking bicycle lane and the side walk right next to it. Welp its a (Bike)lane not a side(Walk) oh well I feel so bad for the little girl. Earlier I was riding my bike and someone was walking on the bike lane and they hit me now I have a huge bump on my head still hurts (btw I was riding at 2pm and its 12am) What dicks I think it's a good thing she broke her leg because that's what you get for walking on the side where bikes go 100% their fault. I have no sympathy for that family. I feel bad for the woman who hit them. Lesson learned; stay in yo lane Pedestrian, choose one place. Either you want to walk by the side of the street with the convinieance of easy access or walk on the more secluded green flowery area. Don't be greedy and walk all over the place. Fucking dumb children I honestly don’t feel bad for the girl. It’s a BIKE lane not a side walk! I’m just sayin!😆😂 “How could you do such a thing” well lets not forget its you and your family that are on the bike lane I got hit by a dirt bike I flung like 10 feet I scratched my knee I was fine her fault for not protecting her child dumbasses needa watch out smh. Should be walking on the sidewalk not in the bike lane Deserved it That's some hilarious shit. I would record them all the way up to their car and laugh I'm glad this happened. THE SIDEWALK WAS RIGHT THERE. """"How could you do such a thing?"""" BITCH HOW BLIND ARE YOU THE BIKE LANE IS WHAT YOU ARE ON. Well, it's basically the parents faults for walking in the lane when they clearly know it's for bicycles.   The cyclist who hit the girl badly clearly is a douchebag by not stopping his bike and make sure to let the family know not to walk on the lane.  Sure it might have been an accident but he clearly knew he had to stop. How could you do such a thing to a child?
How could your incompetent ass walk ON A BICYCLE ROAD. Bitches don't fucking watch them, also that little girl is over reacting its not like she was gonna die like wtf Her fault 🤷‍♂️ It's anoying when ur trying to just chill in ur bike or skate or whatever ur riding and there are pedestrians in the bike path and not in the sidewalk It's natural selection it wouldnt have happened if they walked where they were supposed to People are so stupid, is """"bike"""" a new gender now? Something similiar happened to me when i was like 8 and i was going full speed on the swings with my friends and everybody gotta know you arent supposed to get infront of a kid on swings and so anyways i was minding my own business and right when i was going up a 2 yr old runs infront of me and then my foot hits him in the face and i felt guilty af but hella people were saying it was the moms fault for not looking out for her toddler💀 TBH, the bike lane doesnt look like it is clearly marked as a bike lane. Omg """"how could you do this"""" it's not like she purposely did that. Wth Well technically its the pedestrians fault,Why come the parents weren't CARING for there children,and STAY IN YOUR LANE. I don’t care bout those people who get it there is a sidewalk for a sidewalk and bike path or a bike path Moral of the story : GET OFF MY LANE





Yes this isn't an appropriate time to joke around but I was bored, I do feel bad for the girl and have the time to pray for her and who ever else was injured/hurt in the process. Well this is a good example of pure disobedience, and sadly it resulted in an injury!!! But now days it takes someone getting hurt for the idiots to learn to follow the law!!!! Bicycle lane is the bicycle lane, dont try to be superman, if you get hit dont complain because you asked for it for being in the cycle lane.

Cyclist go all over the path because people still have no ears and continue to walk on the cycle lane There was a side walk right their for pedestrians why wouldn't they use that, it's the parents fault their kid got hurt, I feel bad for the little girl All of this would've never happened if they went ON THE FUCKING SIDEWALK FOR FUCK SAKE Karma is a fricking killer It's the girls fault I hate that the mom was  ad at the cyclist. YOU brought your kids on the BIKE path it is not the biker fault Oi eu sou Br tem uma pista q tem perto de casa e tem uma pra corre e pra andar de bike e sempre tem FDP andando na parte q e de bike I feel bad of the cyclist and the little girl. People should not be walking in bike lanes. This whole situation could have been prevented! Maybe stay in your lane and your kid won't get hit People are so dumb sometimes First world problems And it's also not a roller skating Lane. Honestly I would of screamed at the mother or father. 

“Why is that child walking on the Bike path! What did you expect to happen the bike magically jump over your child get some glasses the child will survive. It was your fault anyway” Its the parents fault actually I don't feel bad for none its called a bike path, not a sidewalk. learn to read dumbasses, then next time your kid won't get hurt. Holy shit i got the same bike as this guy it is peugeot To be honest the mother clearly stupid ir can't read next time read this why your child got hurt Karma for walking on the bike lanes and putting your daughter in danger. This happened to me. I was cycling with friends and people were walking on the BIKE ONLY AREA I crashed into them and said “You’re an idiot.” Its what she deserves Stupid parents.don't walk on the bike lane man. The thing that really gets me is that it was the moms fault because they are NOT supposed to walk on the bike lane. The other thing that gets me is when the mom says how could you so such a thing. It was the moms fault that her kids leg got broken. That fucking 6 year old crybaby deserves to break a leg she shoukd have known better I thought u hit her The real problem is these pedestrians don't see these bicycle lanes roads. They see them as sidewalks. And they stand there all justified, """"I have a right to be here"""" Is it bad that I laughed? 😭💀 Support “Sticks For Spokes” cyclist deterrent system What dumbass would pick someone up like that if they had a broken leg. I’ve broken both arms before and I know how painful it is and to be carried like that would hurt so bad It's okay to to walk on a bike path just make sure you stay on one side and be very cautious of bikers if you see a biker immediately get out of the way to avoid a collision. I don't feel bad Yo it’s your fault for not managing your kids This is why these people will never win a war Well walk on the sidewalk not the bike lane hope the little girl will be okay tho Damn I don’t even do that shit 
But it ain’t the little girls fault. It’s the parents You have to be more careful... Am i the only one who feels bad for the biker. It's the mothers fault it's a bike lane why would you let your children walk on it, stupid idiot You know who'se fault it is?
Not the cyclists fault,its the moms fault.
This little girl has to suffer because of her retardet mom walking on the cyclist way. Dont fucking be on the other side dumbass im happy that girl broke her leg LEARN bitch Im the kind of person that wouldn't give a shit about the family and keep yelling at them to get the fuck off lane... The French are fucking tossers Lol I feel bad for the cyclist. That’s what those pedestrians get for not paying attention I have a feeling that alot of the people in the comment section hasn't ever rode a bicycle on a road or path, or also haven't passed a driver's test. No one below talks with knowledge of the law or with experience. This isn't to categorize all the people below, there's a good number of civil thinkers below. Karma stupid little girl and her famili look the fk out Well,


What can I say? Put your child in danger and they'll get hurt This video is very hard to see 1:15 how about you fucking call the ambulance next time It seems like it isn’t obvius that it’s a bicycle lane in all places dumb ass pedestrians Idioci wszędzie kurwa Idioci It wasn't the cyclist fault they were in the way that's what they for their stupidity I mean don’t you see you see the signs like you are putting your family in danger. It’s like walking into a highway or into a house in fire saying how could you do a thing. And they mayors don’t give a shit about this In New York people go on the bicycle lane and bikers have no choice but to go in the street putting themselves in danger as one of them accidentally hit my mirror it wasn’t his fault but a pediatrian hit the cyclist and causing him to fall onto my car It's a fucking bike lane you dum ass people But the mother of the young girl is wrong because they are walking on bike's lane and the mother of the young girl doesnt use her brain lol that little girl is so weird its their fault for walking on the cycle lane Seriously when did it become so hard to just share the footpath. When did cyclists become so entitled Peds need to stay on side walk not bike lane i dont feel bad one bit i bet that little girl will never walk on a bike lane and never let her kids walk on a bike lane if thats how to teach to come generations thats the way it has to be! How could you such a thing? What the fuck? Lol girl deserved it ITS FOR BIKES AND BIKES ONLY!!!!!! Sorry for the girl and all but that's dumb of the parents for walking there Cars go much faster and have to avoid not only pedestrians, but bicyclists on the road, so why can’t a bicyclist avoid pedestrians? “People are walking on the bicycle lanes” Yeah, sorta like how bicyclists like to go on the high way and roads over 10mph and be in the fucking way of cars? A child in pain is just the worst thing That poor girl Like yes its sad she got a broken leg but the lane is clearly for people on their bikes, and the injuries could've been avoided if the parents weren't idiots and walked on the sidewalk and not the bike lane I am from Münster a city in Germany where there are e bikes for every citizen, and I have no empathy for anyone, that gets hurt while walking in the bike lane. But I don't get why u don't use ur bell 24/7 to make the pedestrians get so annoyed they leave the bike lane? Get that lil bitch off the bike path....... Id kill them Lol u should go to Amsterdam You need what the fun thing is! In the netherlands the have cyclist lanes where mopeds (50cc bikes) have to drive too. You know dont wanna know how much drama it is here. I don’t even give a fuck about her leg cause it’s obviously there fault, there’s literally a fucking sidewalk right next to them Parents fault, the little girl suffered the consequences because of her mother........... Tourists am i right Karma Tbh, she deserved it, pls dont hate me for saying that, but im riding my bike almost everyday and pedestrians are so anmoying the fucking kid sounded like it got hit by a fucking bus! weakness disgusts me! Fucking french people At the start of the video u see a perfectly good pavement on the left Pedestrians are Just Dumb Sometimes U Know That's crazy, the bikes have brakes for a reason!!! They shouldn't be on the bike lane, shit, that girl deserved a broken leg, life lesson for ya, get the fuck outa the bike lane. The little girl and her family are stupid It's more of bad parenting because if you saw the bike coming why you didn't tell your daughter to move out the way.... I biked there yesterday 😂😂😂😂 they shouldn't of walked on the bike lane are ppl in paris so dumb they cant walk on the walks anymore? They are idiot Im french its parents fault Lmao it’s her fault and the fault of the parents The moral is """"give way""""☺ Well they learned there lesson fuck me why not just run her over to stop the screams Whell thats a problem and a half ( i added the half part because she can only use half of her legs) I would’ve said “her fault, bike lane” and Jesus Christ they just want that lawsuit The council should clearly show which side to be on. Or slow down when people are around . Use some common sense for a change i know they are not supposed to bike there but if you see people please just slow down Fuck cyclists She kinda sounds Dramatic Hope bike lady wasn’t charged This is just showing, people are idiots When I see people in the bike lane I shout """"this is a bike lane you bellend"""" that normally sorts it I kind of fell bad for the girl I broke my leg last year Its really hard biking in quebec province trust me people fucking hate us The people who were walking were in the wrong they were in the cycling lane Seams really fair, stay outta bike lanes. Can that also apply when the pedal pusher's take to the roads and fuck up my commute?? Cuz they sure as fuck don't belong on the road,.... Kids are to much of pussies.... scrape there elbow they cry pools... we need to toughen our kids It's the little girls parents fault BECAUSE THEY SHOULD NOT BE ON THE BIKE PATH 😡 😡 White people are so fucking weak. How do they STILL run this world? 😂😂 Sings BIKE LAAANE YOU'RE IN THE BIKE LANE! That's why YOU SHOULDN'T WALK ON THE BIKE PATH Me: don't hit them.
Inner me: Hit them Hit them Hit them all😡 She got what she deserved That's what they get for disobeying the bike lane rules. I don't like cyclists If I were there i would start stomping on the kid ahahahahahahahhaahah It’s the parent’s fault, I feel bad for her leg, but seriously they’re idiots (not trying to be mean.) They’re clearly blind, they should know it’s a cyclist lane by seeing the signs and other cyclists passing by.

EDIT: Thank you for agreeing with me. Just be civilized , it's everyone's fault . """"How could you do such a thing?"""" I agree. Walking in the middle of traffic with small children is irresponsible. I don't use the highway/railroad/electric staicase while riding my bike because it's meant for other types of transportation. They had no reason to be on the bike lane. The pedestrian way is right next to them across the hedge so it's safe and for those dying you should be able to avoid the pedestrians it's hard when they can walk from side to side and kids often push eachother about or run into directions you don't expect. It's the woman and her daughters fault they were on the bike lane (only for bikes) and got hurt. It's like me being on a train track and getting hit by the train it would be my fault for being where I don't belong cause I'm not a train. (Surprising right) People should realise bike lanes are for bike and people should walk on the single files so things like this don't happen That's what happens when you walk down a bicycle lane. I know it's sad, but she'll learn for next time. Idiot mother caused it all. Sorry but i don't feel sorry for the girls parents at all, a biking lane is a biking lane. In the Netherlands no one even dares to walk on the bike lane because they will get hit and everyone one will ignore it unless the person is screaming because of the pain Break Dah Bitchc >:) 0:36 starts to smile evil :) I was smiling the whole video :) I wouldn’t hurt that much I wouldn’t cry at all Want to my problem no walks and no one ride their bikes I see like 1 bike in 1-2 months Bet that little girl ain't gonna get hit again tho Karma is a b***h I hate people like this French, another dead language. XDXDXD Like the knight's. I usually have a long spear while riding my bike. Teach pedestrians a lesson. “How could you do such a thing?!” Bitch, how could u do such a thing, putting your children and yourself AND the cyclists in danger? God this reeks of entitlement and stupidity Lil bitch lol haha, that's what that stupid girl gets That was a fucking little girl you piece of shyt I know you were making this video to educate pedestrians but look, you can't honestly expect a group of women and some beta male they dress everyday to be correct at any given time. When you have a female led group, they will always skirt the line of right and wrong because society caters to women in a way that doesn't force them to think about what they are doing. We catch them when they fall and help them back up.  That's why they will keep falling. They will always have someone to lift them back up. It's our fault, not theirs. Sad not the fucking mother... Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Maybe they will learn. Probably not. Still very funny People....AS YOU CAN SEE in 0:01 THERE IS A BIKE SYMBOL OKAY SO DON'T BLAME CYCLISTS The family is a bad family the parents should of looked where they where so the littke girl and her family should get hurt I feel so bad for the brother Around the 20sec mark is an entrance to the park with NO indicated bike lane.....if I were to enter the park from this entrance how am I supposed to know im in a cycle lane? Oh my gawd you hit my kid you insensitive bitch while we walked in an area just for cyclists like youself how could you do such a thing. I hope she decides to go for a hike on an active train line XD IDIOTS good job well done “How could you do such a thing?!”

We’ll see there’s a thing called a rule that was created for a reason... """"9-1-1 What's your emergency?""""
me: um yeah some dumb ass family was walking on the bike path, and some little girl just got hit. Did I mention that it was a bike path? so stupid to walk in the bike lane....its illegal here in the states....and illegal to bike on sidewalks...you can get fined And I thought Americans were dumb. Actually, I take that back. A biker at Virginia Beach was biking with several kids trailing him in probably one of the most populated sidewalks on the whole block. There was a bike path right next to it. I hope the police told the family that THEY were in the wrong for walking on the cycling lane, and made sure that the cyclist is also ok. In toronto we have a multicultural city people from all over the world. In some countries its apropriat to walk on the left of the path in others maners dictate that you walk on the right. When you have a clash of cultures who is in the right i noticed some walking on the right some walking on the left. In toronto we have lines down the middle and arrows indicating which direction you should travel. Maybe this should be a proposal for your city as well """"Idiots die"""" smarts live"""" She broke her leg... Wait how did it hit her leg..I'm confused bluudy pudestrian I know I’m being harsh her but little bitch deserved it. I always see little kids and parents crossing into the bike lane to be cunts and jump at last second or force me to run into bush. Next time I’m just gonna full throttle on my push bike and rock climb the fuckers I feel like the parent should of had her leg broken.. the kids follow their moms so it was probably the mothers fault for telling her kids to go on the bike lane. """" how could you do such a thing!? """" B R U H expect it when you're walking on a bike lane!






omfg i saw when they where carrying the girl her leg was flabbing weirdly to the side! omfg so sad tho You fucking bikers get your shit off the street then. Her crying makes me feel good.... It’s not even the bikers fault. There’s signs that have a bike symbol about ever 100 ft GTFO BIKE PATHS YOU PEDESTRIAN •SCUM• Funniest shit ever XD Dont walk in the cycle lane Dumbfucks its normal 😐 WHAT A FUCKING DUMB MUM why wou she pick that girl up . She should have benn on the ground all the time... She'd be dead in the Netherlands. Or been told to get cancer. WHEN THEYRE WALKING AWAY YOU CAN SEE HER LEG AND WHERE ITS BROKEN 🤢 Even if the cyclist couldve slowed down,that was a child, and almost all children has the tendency to run on bike lanes. Ive experienced it for myself. I was riding my bike in my own respective lane and a child ran straight forward for my bike when she saw me slowing down. 
She was probably trying to get me into an insurance scam lmao. I drifted my way to avoid her but she slid her legs just to touch the wheels and ended up squishing her own thigh instead. she was gonna tell her mum about it but.

I had a gopro. HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING. More like how could that stupid mom do such a thing. That’s her fault because they walked on the wrong side. The only one I feel bad for is the brother. MAKE RETARDED DECISIONS GET RETARDED CONSEQUENCES The bike lane is for bikes and only bikes, they are there so cyclist aren't a danger or in danger to cars, when pedestrian walk on a cycle path it's just as dangerous as walking in the middle of a road. It's the girls fault. (No not the cyclist) but the little girl and her family fault. Parents fault. It's the parents fault she got hit. She's a child who clearly doesn't know better, the parents are at fault 100% for not paying attention and thinking they have the right to be on a path RESERVED for bicyclists. I hope they live with that guilt. Know that's what you get for walking a child on a bike path stupid ass parents +100 points Lool HAHAHAHAHA Come to the Netherlands This girl was on the bike lane, what happens next, karma comes in saying """"bich move or I break your leg"""" this bich doesnt move. 5 day later she goes back to school with a leg that is broken and a brain of a teen dumbass Humans Are Always Selfish And Stupid. Can't They Just Use Their Eyes Instead Of Their Mouth? If The Child Or You Got Hurt, It's Your Responsibility. Not The Cyclists Fault.. The Cyclists Followed The Bikes Only Path And The Stupid Humans Didn't Use Their Eyes. Humans Have 5 Senses And Yet, Still Brainlessly Not Using Those Senses. If Anyone Thinks I'm Wrong That Means You're Just Like The Dirty Pigs, Humans, I Have Met.. I Have Locked Myself Up Because Of This Rotten Stinking World. I'm Young And I Have Already Experienced The True Nature Of Earth. Humans Aren't Meant To Fight Each Other, Kill, Harm And Make Enemies On Each Other. I Separated Myself From The Human Race Since This Stinking Pigs Are Just All Around Me.. I Really Do Need Counseling.. Just Had Enough Of Seeing Stupid People Doing The Wrong Things And Blaming On The Innocent Who gives a shit if she broke her leg there reatrds that dont listen Its not the bikers fault its the peoples fault the people need to learn Its Called Move Your Fucking Child. """"how could you do such a thing"""" Lol, dumb kid is crying, and even dumber parent is blaming someone else for their own mistakes Would you walk in traffic???...No... then don’t walk in bike lanes It's the stupid idiots who were walking on the lane not the bikers People in this world can be such idiots. They just don't give a damn and look where they are going. Smh You caled police in this point you are a idiot Oh fench nice no subtitle for me You can see one of the legs flopped to the side.
Its not the biker's fault, its the family's. If looked, they would have avoided that! Leg 🅱️roke I would just get on my bike and tell them to fuck kff Poor little girl, only the parents are to blame here moi j'ai deux morales à donner,
de un, apprenez à vos gamins qu'il faut être moins con, t'en as qui arrivent à faire attention.
de deux, cyclistes, soyez moins con, la plupart surtout dans les grandes villes vous êtes les pires que l'on peut voir sur une chaussé, je ne parle pas pour ce cas mais pour beaucoup de cas I find it hard to believe that little girls leg was broken.  I call bullshit. Stupit mother That bicycle lanes aremfor bikers who rides their bikes. That one happened that the sister has broke her leg cuz of poor brother biking, their parents are careless, bicycle lanes are for bikers! Wah wah wahhhhhhhhh Dumbass bitch deserved it. Stay out the bike path idiots Stupid people. Walk on the sidewalk you idiots I blame the parents Fucking Frenchys god damn I have the same problem in lachine and can't tell you how many people I see wiped out on the bike path due to pedestrians not understanding the point of a walk path and a bike path It's their fault it's the stupid parents fault for puting that poor girl in that situation where she could get hurt The way she's holding her kid though Here’s the token ‘is the bike ok? ‘ comment The girl deserved it. She shouldn't have been walking there, or at least the mom should have known. It's unfortunate the kid got hit. It should have been the stupid ass adults. Quite poor signage if you ask me. Little kids crying are the worst That's the fucking bikeing lane it's not her falt I don't even feel bad for that kid Lesson GET OUT OF THE ROADS KIDS Why isnt the bike lane marked all the way. Also i dont know how it is at ur place but pedestrians should always stay on the right side on the direction  they are Walking.

Anyway the Whole path should be marked with A White line and there should be more signs that say bike lane right and pedestrians left.



For me tho, it looked like The lanes were merged. Some people are so stupid. It’s a frikin bike, lane lol can people not read? Omg even tho it wasn’t the cyclists fault, if I were in her shoes, I would feel so bad. I hope that little girl learns her lesson. Yeah but when it comes down to it, if your not riding a bike get off the fucking bike lane They fault not ours Oh no but still shouldn't walk around there so don't be mad about it say something gently and not yelling 🙂 There's a side walk next to the bike lane, stupid pedestrians don't see where they are going piss off you hippie freak from hell 
bikes in montreal are a fucking nightmare !!!! The thing that really sucked is that the cyclist felt guilty. Not going to feel sorry for their  Stupidity That’s what also happens if you ride on the road your more than likely to get hit by a car because bikes have there own lane but they chose to ride on the road The path is only marked for of it, the rest is unmarked?? Thats nothing I got run over by a car Congratulations you're daughter's leg is broken Lady cyclist with no helmet. Jeez Its like blaming a train driver for killing someone that was walking on the train tracks. 0:57 dsl pour mon langage... OSTI DE TOURISTES Walking in a bike lane is almost the equivalent of walking on the road I was hit by a bike when I was about 3 but it was not really anyone’s fault. There was no bike lane just a normal path and the guy never saw me because I was walking around a corner with my gran and grandpa I don't feel bad Is only for bikes Omg I wanted to slap her when she said “how could you do such thing” I was like WHY WAS YOUR KID IN THE MIDDLE OF THE PATHWAY WHEN ITS CLEARLY BIG ENOUGH FOR YOU TO STAY IN A SINGLE FILE LINE WHILE BIKERS PASS? Serves her right ((: Calm your butt and get out of the bike lane I see this shit with the boardwalk in Venice beach / Santa Monica. Ignoramus tourists nearly get clipped and mowed down because they can’t decipher the very clear signs and symbols on the road. To be honest it's their fault for walking in that lane! 1:51 French are ignorants? Should've looked down and noticed that there's a bike sign on the ground. Also the fact that there are bikes on the road. Smh I was hit by a bike when i was little but he was on the small path near the shops not off his bike walking cause ur not allowed to ride there Wish one of those dumbass parents broke thier leg What unbelievable human trash. If she had a broken leg they probably shouldn't have picked her up and been holding her like that. 0:26 alternatively just look behind, you'll see what I mean. Cyclists taking up the whole width of the shared lane. This shit is fake asf!! Moral of the story... move bitch get out the way Bitch talking bout how could u do such a thing lil girl need to get out of the damn bike lane they have side walks for a reason That dumbass shouldn't be walking on the cyclist area next time lol I was hit by a car at a crossing that was going 40mph. I had a bruise on my knee, and that was it. I got up, made sure the weren't any dents, apologised, and left. I was 11. My parents weren't annoyed one bit.


These parents need to get a grip. Because where I am the only bike line is on the road and because most cars drive over it carelessly I decide to bike really close to the road but on the path Why is the kid crying like a squeeky toy i dont get it As dramatic as me when I don’t get KFC sooo satisfying to see they got hit by bike!!! I thought the bicycle lane is just a short segment?  I think the markings are not clear.   Unless it is a dedicated bicycle path, cyclists need to watch out for pedestrians Alguien me traduce o explica que ha pasado graciass Bikes on a bike lane, what a wild concept Yet when there are bikes on the road no one says a thing, genius bikers Shit if i hit a kid while biking on a biking path for (bikers only) ill either keep on going and ignore them or start laughing because thats there own fault and it could possibly hurt me too Oh well if she broke her leg life lesson served. First of all the little bitch wasnt even bleeding? She deserves it 






Well,for me little boy crying like a little bitch i seen kids shot with less reaction. Poor Little Girl.
She must change Her Family or go to the Police For a Careless Family There is literally a sidewalk next to the bike lane!!! her parents deserve to get hit by bike not their daughter, stupid parents equal to dumb daughter I hope the cyclist did not get sued or charged considering they should not have been there Sorry but i really don't feel sry Why would you call police. You need an ambulance idiot France. Pussyland under the white flag Nah I would of picked up my bike, flick them off, and tell them to “GET THE FUCK OUT THE WAY!” Stupid oblivious parent Stupid fuc*ing parents Fuck that little girl i hope she have a painfull daeth, dont fucking walk on bike lanes There's going to be a huge court battle..... Why would you blame it on the cyclist, the walkers are in the wrong it's a bike lane Dirty grass calling the bacon Well I'm sorry but it was the girl ' s  and families falt  because they were on the bike lane

The girl deserves it cause that lane was far bikers
Stupid people sometimes I feel bad for the young girl. I fell no sympathy for the dumb, ignorant family HAHAHHA Serves them right. Fucking pedestrian assholes The mother have to be sued stupid parents These people have to know that bicycle lane are dangerous, same as highway, people are riding vehicle between 15 and 20 kmh



Beware humans French fucks whining like baby's.... Bike lanes
For bikes


Side walk 
For people  
  

Thats karma At the end of the day, it's the start of the night. when I see some stupid idiot walk on the  bike bath I just scare them with my bike and enjoying their shouting lol when I broke my leg at 6 i didny throw such a fuckin fit. my family didnt believe me either for days. told me to stop pretending like i cant walk (which i tried but mysteriously would just fall) Isn't it funny how after they're hit on the BIKE PATH, they move towards the available SIDEWALK that's like 10 ft away. Its not the cyclist's fault.Its the parents not watching their children. It’s reverse psychology in NYC instead of people walking in the bike lane cyclists ride on the sidewalk Okay cyclist if your going to ride on the road dont cry like little bitches when people walk on the bike path the road is motor vehicles not bicycles so dont be surprised when some runs you the fuck over yeah, how could you so such a thing >:( Who’s fault is it I honestly dont care about the child at all, but that the parents react so strong and blame the woman is just out of this World! It was the parents responsibility to take care of their children and it was their fault that she broke her leg. If they didnt walk on the Bike path she would be just fine. Im just saying those parents suck Yes you are riley right I am biker too and I don't understand this. meh, Bikes ride on the roads also and they are meant for cars. Drivers hate Cyclists, Cyclists hate Pedestrians, King Kong hates humans. Its a never ending chain of hate. Hahahahaha stupid will die why because they are stupid. Stupid ass people Lol get rekt Who the fuck cries when a sibling gets hurt. I’d laugh. WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU WALKIIIIIIIINNNNGGGG!!!!!!!!
ITS OBVIOUSLY SOMTHING WILL HAPPEN YOU STUPID SHIT!!!! There's a reason people on children's toys should operate them safely. People have the right of way on """"bike paths"""". There is also a speed limit that is always violated. Fucking slow down more like One time i was cycling on the cycling path around my city and i saw a mother walking on the cyclist road with her daughter.. when her daughter saw me closing in (i was NOT going towards them, i was avoiding them) her daughter just pulled out of her mothers hand  and JUMPED in front of me.. i had to do a 90 degree sudden break-turn and fell, broke my ankle... the mother did not give a SHIT about me, she went running to her daughter screaming if she was ok ( i didnt even touch her) while i was down screaming in pain.... idk which country is that, but seeing that many people are arguing based on their assumptions are making me restless. if pedestrian are walking on lane that supposed for bike, and getting hit by bikes, then its the pedestrian fault. because its clearly bike lane. and if based on the rules/regulations says bike lane is for bike only. then thats it. pedestrian fault. 
because its clearly dangerous walk on lane thats full of fast bike. why dont they take the pedestrian road beside it?? Are they insurance scammers??? No different then you stupid cyclist on the roads Karma The moral of the story is use your brains kids and adults And you're calling the police because??? What you mean how could you do this how can you let you're kids walk on the cyclist lane bitch you're the parent the adult you tell you're kids don't do shit like that so they know and things like this won't happen you don't let them go ahead and walk in the middle of the lane French. I rest my case. Not to sound like a asswhole but if your  standing on the bike path and u get hit I hope u learn not to be on there next time Stupid idiots dont walk on cyclist road idiots thats called KARMA This is why i hate french tourists, I always appears as a dickhead when I go in a foreign country Fucking frenchies. now you know how drivers feel with stupid bikers fucking finaly can you give that  girl who  broke the little girl feet a fucking coffee. i fucking dream of this moment but one dday will happen to me and i will fucking beat the fucking idiot who cant walk properly hahahahahhahah This is all the parents fault I fell bad for the kid but not for the parents they have no one but them sells to blame Damn, now Cyclists know how drivers feel. I think that was what she deserved for being on the wrong side ITS THE FUCKING STUPID ASS KIDS FAULT WHY DID THEY WALK THERE DUMBASSES THESE DAYS Bikers are such ignorant pricks. I am happy every time I see one of these assholes get hit, injured and or killed while riding their bikes. My nigga she got clocked That girl didn't deserve getting hit but the parents did They actually deserved that. If I was the one who did cycle in to them then would I just say (your own fault you guys walks on cycle lane). Hope they learn something now Idiot pedestrians Cyclists utter wankers. maybe if the pedestrians were not walking on the bike path it wouldn't of happened but poor  child with a broken leg but that should be a lesson to people who are walking on the bike side. She said how could you hit her but how could you put your kid in danger Happy that the little bitch got hit...next time her mom will be careful CLICKBAIT Mission 3
Leg broken=$$ if you closely look to your left, you can see a SIDEWALK for.... no way... the PEDESTRIANS?! :O
but seriously. the pedestrians are attracted to bike lanes Jaywalking applies to motor vehicles not kids on bikes... slow down it’s not a race.. if you want to race then choose race track .. it’s that simple Is it just me maybe the cycle path verges onto the path. Then goes back on to the cycle path. Or has the cycle paths marking warn away. If it's a case were it verges onto the path the cyclist should be more aware and slow down instead of bombing up or down the path That's your fault you need to learn what you are doing like ,someone hits a girl on a highway and then you say what are you doing why would you do such a thing like get your stuff straight That's what you get little bitch girl Girl. It's a bike get over yourself. Your leg will be fine. So the thing is. When i am walking i am always right because i am a pedestrian. When i am driving my bicycle should everybody else paying attention. When i am driving my car the bicycles disturb me. And when i am driving my truck look out you are too small for me. So the moral is I AM ALWAYS RIGHT. What are you people five years old? The whole time I was like bruh she's fine until it said she broke her leg......bruh she's fine These kids are such pussies I mean a broken leg isn’t that bad and that kid is acting like his sister was dieing fucking bitch XDDD Now you know how car drivers feel towards bikes push bikes doing 20mph do not belong in traffic doing 30 plus Stupid woman """" how could you do that"""" 
Like she/ he did it purpose This is practically the fucking equivalent of standing near an active volcano with lava spewing out of it, getting burnt and yelling """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING"""" to the volcano. AND THAT'S WHY YOU FUCKING STAY OFF THE BIKE PATH AND THE FUCKING PARENTS DONT WATCH THERE KIDS SO ITS NOT THE BIKERA FAULT ITS THE STUPID LITTLE GIRL both are at fault, you should have a bell on your bike (in which this bike doesnt, you can see at 0:42 ) and the cyclist should have seen them and swerved, stopped or tell them to move. the parents are just idiots because they ALSO should be cautious of the cyclist, and they are walking in a BICYCLE PATH. its just common sense Unlucky Its almost like when cyclists swerve in and out of traffic. She deserves it 



Can't wait for all the hate comments Child breaks leg .... Mother starts moving her round????😐😐 I don't feel any sympathy for the girl that had broken her leg I don't care if people say I don't have a heart that's my opinion DON'T WALK IN THE BIKE LANE The little girl obviously didn't deserve that but I can't really feel to sorry for the family as that path was clearly marked as a bike lane several times throughout the video. Just to clarify I'm not just complaining about those specific people, I'm complaining about everyone walking in that bike lane. Just because no one cares your doing the wrong thing doesn't mean you should do the wrong thing. Unfortunately this family was doing just that and take a look at what situation it got them in. In my opinion it shouldn't take physical or mental force to make you do the right thing, But sadly that's what this world has already begain to come to. Ķ à ŕ m à death to pedestrians everybodyyyyy bikers cause all these problems thinking they have a right to speed drive among children. I'm not aware of the Law on peds in the bike lane in Canada but common sense should prevail. Peds are a pain in the bike lane but the path is clear and straight. If there is an obstacle slow right down so you have time to react.  Some of the comments on here sound exactly the same as those used by car drivers when cyclists are hurt on roads. Why is it sad ? The byclist should have crashed into al the people The fucken little bitch didnt get hit be a car what the big deal! The kid is just being a bitch, you just got hit no big deal, my little 5 year old sister gets hit by a bicycle and she isn't crying, stop being a drama queen you just got hit your not dying. If it's a dedicated bike path all access points 00:19  00:27  00:33 need to be clearly marked, beyond that if you as a pedestrian are struck...sucks to be you. Deserved it over protective mother. If my mother saw me like this, she will give rhe extra for crying in public. The moral of the story..use your brake cyclist...bike line is not for only bike..if that the case...cyclist SHOULD GET OFF THE ROAD! if using that mentality, road are for cars, buses, truck and  motor bike..not for cyclist. Anyone else see her leg In Edmonton, Alberta what would be called a Shared Use Path and the onus is on the cyclist to slow down and and watch out for pedestrians who are not aware of their surroundings.  Unless its a reddish path than yes that's a bike path and pedestrians do not belong on it.  This video clearly shows a shared use path/walkway. I feel the same way when I see bicyclist in the fucken road. They want people out of their lanes but can't keep of the road. dumb fucks. always stay on the right path otherwise you'll land up broken, ran over or drug addict who prostitutes I might sound stupid but... who and where was the cyclist? To be fair the section needs to have a solid line all the way through, not just at the beginning.  Saves paint i guess. It's not even the bikers fault at all. Although they were all probably going to blame the biker when's the idiot people who are walking on the bike path only. That is what they get for not following the rules Kinda like when you guys are on the road with cars I speak French too i'm going to hell for saying this but i was pissing my self when i saw the girl crying and her brother like bending over to be buttfucked Fuck you piece of shit cyclists. I hope you all get hit by a mach truck to where you are unidentifiable. Nice of the bloke on the roller skates to stop and help as well Honestly I have to laugh at this because those parents should know better and know not to walk on a bike lane and let the young children walk all over the place ( and why ask the cyclist “how could you do such a thing” when it was clear that it wasn’t their fault when it was the parents fault If you smug cyclist wanders don't want pedestrians on your bike paths, then how do you think us drivers think about having you on our roads. Hypocrites she deserve it tho she got r8kt real bad How could you do so such a thing!? Its not her fault,its the stupid mother not paying attention where her child is walking,yet th'o it clearly shows that  other lane is for cylists. For a start it's the parents fault for being retards and walking in a bike lane. I feel for the kid and all but you can walk on the bike path, and I can see why the mother was yelling at him as well she was mad that a cyclist hit her baby, but honestly it’s her own fault for putting herself and that baby at risk by walking on the bike path. This is why  people are mostly stupid Thats the thing for them...Its Just Their Karma Since this video doesn't actually show what happened, I will refrain from assigning blame. But bicyclists need to use caution when passing peds on a public path, especially children, given how unpredictably they can be. So if a cyclist comes on the road you should run them over ? what a stupid Cu*nt Funniest shit ive seen today Fucking idiot pedestrian If some pedestrian would walk on the bycicle lane, I would on purpose hit them and blame them that they can't be on the bike lane Good thats what people get , what do they expect , bit like walking on a highway and wondering why you were squashed over the road I ride a skateboard one the bike lane only when I know the sidewalk is messed up such as small rocks or big cracks cuz skateboards can't go over those things, also there are little to none bicyclist one the bike lane Wtf??? That bicycle lane!! Just try to be caring and polite to each other. Be patient with other peoples frailties. You will be vulnerable too one day. I would gladly run over those crappy people since its a cycling lane :3 
and shout at them for waking in cycling lane. bloody people bike lane and walking should not be design side by side. some inconsiderate bikers cycle way too fast pass walkers and pose dangers... . This video just shows how stupid people can be. Like come on you can see it’s a bike lane and they still think it should be fine to walk on. Well that was the little girls and her guardians wake up call to not fucking walk on a bike lane They are both idiots plus the biker bitch was wearing heals I mean I feel bad for the girl but there’s a side walk for a reason use it Stupid kids with stupid parents . I can see why a cyclist could be annoyed and I definitely agree the pedestrians should not be walking there, but cyclists should not bomb towards pedestrians just because its their path. Common sense. That retarded kid she got in trouble on her own , The biker isnt guilty. People can be stupid. And violent. That's not what they meant by """"break a leg""""... Lucky, I want my leg broken Is the bike ok? WELL THOOSE FUCKING STUPID PEDESTRIANS GET THEIR ASS OFF T CYCLE LANE The fuckin cyclist don't want pedestrians to the cycling lane but the same time they cycling on the road and everywhere! How pathetic is that,,, In finland we dont have bike lanes just sidewalks and these things jonnes as we call in finland a.k.a little boys who pretend to be cool just dont give a fuck they just walk middle of the sidewalk and wont let any1 pass I ride to work and even tho some paths do say its for bikes when I see kids or dogs I dont assume the parent or pet owner has their little one, I just simply slow down cause you just don’t know if the child or dog will change direction Half the people in the comments are mentally retarded and need to be put down. Bike lanes are for cyclists only. Road and Sidewalks are for people. Cyclists can also ride in the road if they are careful and obey the laws. THE PEDESTRIANS IN THIS COMMENT SECTION IM  GONNA SAY IT ONE TIME THERES FUCKING BIKE LANE FOR A FUCKING REASON The very same can be used for cyclists who use the road instead of a bike lane, sidewalk, or multi-use path. they deserve that ahahahahahaa Haha I fuckin love Canadians It was probably that dipshit mother's fault and decided, """"hey kids let's go walk in the bike lane"""" maybe they will know next time it is meant for bikes only I don't care that you broke your elbow lel Haha i love the fact that he says dont walk on the cycle lane and he takes the moral high ground. Yet when one of these biking pricks gets knocked over on the road its always the car drivers fault! 99% of cyclists are dicks, just watch vids on you tube as proof! Stay in your lane mofos lol, i am so happy that those poeple got what tey deserved and the child broke her leg!!!! Well if they're stupid enough to walk on a bicycle path when there's a perfectly good sidewalk at least they're going to get that broken leg mended for free with their socialized communist medicine Child abuse, woman's fault. قد صارت لي كنت بمسار واسع ع الكورنيش وفجأه طفلة ركضت قدامي وصدمتها .. جلسوا الحريم يبكون والرجال يهايطون .. واتصلوا ع الشرطة تقروشت والله بعدهاا توبت اتمرن الى مع الشباب وفي الطرق العامة اللي فيها سيارات . fucking cyclists you dont have a tight ti knock down kids you bunch of arrogant bastards did she really break her leg????? dont hope so. I would definitely be the one to say 'maybe you shouldn't have been walking on a bike lane' Lol its the peoples fault for walking there!I dont feel bad for that family The parents of the child are exactly the same as child rapists. Kill them and give the child to decent people. Why is it ok to enjoy putting your child in danger? Keep her on tbeground her mother is stupid as fuck having her leg dangaling in the air while its broken its double the pain then on the ground Lol that girl should watch where she's going For all you morons siding with the dumbass humans, the ENTIRE PATH is designated to Bikes. Also, look where they bring the kid after and all the people there...THAT ....is where people walk. Think before you American.... Right, like I woke up and thought """"Im gonna run over a kid with my Bicycle today!"""" She's crying so much I know friends who broke bones and we're like wow this is narly. She is the dumbest girl ever and that brother should be ashamed of her saying your dumb. The mother is a fucking dumb idiot she can see there's a MASS IVE sidewalk just like 1 meter away. The biker is the best person here she was also ashamed but she shouldn't have I'm literally so pissed words cannot describe and what has gotten into these people they stand and watch saying to their friends dam son lucky I'm not them As if walking on the bikelane isnt stupid eneugh, they let their fucking children walk on the bikelane but walk on the pedestrian lane. Thats fukin irresponsible.
And then blaming the bike drivers for using their lanes. Same reason cyclists shouldn't be on the road with cars, when there is a cycle lane half of them still ride in the middle of the road At least she'll never walk on a cycle path again. But you mob ride on pavements ,how about you be more aware of your surroundings instead of thinking everyone should look out for you So stupid people you can see everywhre sights that is cicling lane... better do sound sights I'm a cyclist I ride nearly everyday and the amount of times cars and pedestrians go into the bike lane pisses me off I've already hit a pedestrian this week FFS That little girl deserved to be hit for walking in the bike lane. Pedestrians on the bike path are always going to be a problem. But forget about right and wrong. Cyclists need to give kids space because they're kids. Kids made mistakes. Wouldn't that be like walking in the street? Pq?????
Sai da ciclovia FDP 
Turista ne???
Lugar de pedestre e na calçada  não na ciclovia Narrow shared path with no continuous divide = disaster.
It brings on pedestrian rage big time.Poor little girl. If the women paid more attention to her kids instead of walking in the cyclist lane then maybe this would not have happened, if I solved that out in 5 seconds I'm pretty sure the women saw the bike from maybe 30 seconds ahead its quite possible to walk on to the path without knowing it is a cycle lane at all!  Cyclists are entitled idiots . Crashing into someone and saying you shouldnt have been here in the first place is not any excuse- Stop crying bitch You pompous sub human  this is a video about careless child battering cyclists, the cycle path is part of the pavement dummy Regardless of what you feel is right or in your case righteous, the law is the law. YOU MUST give way to pedestrians... period. fuckwits walking in the wrong spot she deserved to b hit Mother's fault. Poor kids... That mother better dies of cancer Why not government replace bike lanes to train tacks Moral of the story
Drink  Milk I live in Montreal and there is PLENTY of spaces for pedestrians, literaly do not understand why they have to get on the bike lane... Its the parents fault 99%, there is a sidewalk for pedestrians 2 meters closer to the road for a reason. Walking on a bicycle lane will get you a fine from the police or at least it should get you one. The 1% of the blame goes to the cyclist because when you see such careless people disregarding their safety and the safety of others you should slow down but hey, if someone jumps in front of your bike there ain't much you can do but hit them slowly. 

Anyway maybe they learned a lesson. Bro a cyclist hit me once. That guy hit a brick wall :))))). Was his fault but I fell sorry for him he was badly injured Lesson learned That's why you should have to take a pedestrian safety course and become licensed before walking in public And keep bikes off the roads Haha dumb fucking kid Stupid ass mom, moronic biker slow down when you aproach off people. you are on a vehicle. it's so funny, it's like when cyclists ride in car lanes then complains when get hit by cars hahahahaha 2017 The parents are too blame for that. Thank your mom and dad little one. Moral of the story is... let nature take its course on the simple minded Both are in the wrong, the people shouldn't of been in the cycling lane, and the cycler should've slowed down. However just because it's a cyclist lane, you can pass through and crush civilians, although they should really get out of there, it's nothing to run over them for You cyclists surely are a great big pain the ass. Cyclists are retards I dont fucking care about the damn kid breaking her leg, i broke my leg like 2 times in my mountain bike. And that stupid ass bitch screaming to the poor girl in the bike, go fuck urself bitch you have to give way to pedestrians at all times even if there not on a crossing or on a sidewalk and thats the law in australia. if you were driving on the highway and an idiot crossed the road you would have to stop to give way to the pedestrian. this comment doesn't apply to what happened in the video. the parents of the children that chose to walk on the cycling path instead of the sidewalk are at fault. the kid probably accidentally ran in front of the cyclist when she was walking around her family members which resulted in the collision. i dont know if the cyclist did anything wrong. it was a straight path and the cyclist seemed like a local. i'm sure the cyclist past hundreds of people on the path before the accident happened. maybe the cyclist should have gone slower and been more careful? anyways its unfortunate that it happened. Omg she is gonna die from a broken leg! Call the FBI this is a capital emergency. Agreed, but same thing goes for cyclists not riding in the road. You’re putting the drivers in danger as well as yourself. But yes agreed. Btw what i meant by staying off the road is more of sharing the road It looks like the segregated section of the path ends just after the start of the video.  There are no lane markings after this. Fuckin hell...... poor girl no insurance no liability cyclist gets off scot free.... Doesnt look like a cycle lane to me. Looks like the cycle lane ended at the beginning of the video. U call the ambulance u dumb fuck she broke her leg what is the police going to do it’s there fault any way it’s a cycle lane there is clearly a side walk there What everyone should realize is that bike lanes are not exclusively for people on bikes, pedestrians can also be there. That being said, common sense from both sides and there will be no problems They deserved that How could you do such a thing 😂😂 
Parenting at it's best You're in the bike lane don't walk in the bike line biiiiiike laaaaaannnneee The same sort of people should try walking in a main road, then complain when they get hit by a car! when those idiots walk ok the bike lane then the biker have to slow down! So as a cyclist you don't like slower forms of transport using your designated pathway......now you know how car drivers feel.  Hope the girl is OK. don't walk on the bikes lane she shouldn't of been there but they could of slowed down. it's not worth breaking a kid's leg to prove a point. why is the mother dragging her around with a broken leg/ keep her on the floor and don't touch it and wait for a paramedic. she just added 3 months to the repair time and permanent damage to ligaments. That's pretty funny lol I hope the cyclist moron had the snot sued out of them! Bad parenting. she flopped I love it how every moron has an opinion. Idiots saying stuff like """"But a cyclist is allowed on the sideways so it's not fair"""". Bottom line is: you know you're in a bike lane. Every minute you are reminded of that by one passing by, so you shouldn't make any hasty moves. Cyclist will avoid you as long as you don't jump in front of them. Immature children have absolutely no business there. stupid people Why are people arguing over this shit it's a fuckin bike lane😂where bikes go about 20 miles an hour on, your stupid to walk in front of them when there is a Side walk right next to you😂 BABY.
HALAP.. HALAP..MOM...MAMA LMAO This is kinda like when bicyclist hog the road, I agree with you, so frustrating. Yup, that's what cars go though with cyclists don't thing cyclist don't do anything wrong, I have seen plenty of shit cycling on main roads in the UK, ignoring lights and junctions, I know there are bad drivers as well, we all share the road, last cyclist I had a run in with broke the rules as I turned into a junction were I had right of way, he just ignored the rules and is fellow club members waiting correctly, I braked and near dropped the bike, 5 mph max, I chased him down (about 10 seconds) and lets just say he had a bad day from there on in and none of his fellow biking club came to his help, in fact one apologised and said """"he's a f**king liability"""" enough said. Not sure about anyone else but I saw her leg had not brake unless it was a crack sometimes you just gotta lay them motherfuckers down. I feel so bad for the little girl, her stupid mother put her in that situation. The kid couldn't really do anything about it, maybe she didn't even know it was a bike path. It's the mom's fault. """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING? HOW DARE YOU RIDE IN THE BIKE PATH WHERE I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO BE WALKING"""" Morale? I think the morale of the story is: Cyclist lanes should be visible! Oh I see, We have to share our roads with cyclists but cyclists can't share with pedestrians? Brilliant! Same goes in Singapore..

Me cycling on the Bicycle Lane.. yet people use earpiece listen music head down look at phone. I was ringing like crazy.. still not hearing the bell. 
So i push the person Ohhhh the dramatics...😒 Its simple. Dont walk in the damn bike lanes! Mothers can be so dramatic. It was only a leg, she's got two! ;) oh i agree peds stay off the bike paths oh and by the way bicyclists stay off the sidewalks  and especially the ones that are clearly marked in market areas. Aren't cyclists supposed to give way to people !! Stuff cyclists. Motorists do not want them, nor do pedestrians. They are NOT pedestrians they are jay walkers. God people are so stupid tbh I don't care if she broke her leg and if she is a kid people need to realize  not listening will get you in trouble.  Don't blame the biker 😡😡 What about cycling on the part allocated for pedestrians? Who may be tired, ill or suffering from multiple sclerosis? Anyway nothing justifies hitting pedestrian. Especially when cyclists are moving along the part allocated for pedestrians. Makes me laugh how drivers need to be careful when passing cyclists on the road yet when cyclists share the path with pedestrians they have no such respect. The little girl has to pay the price because her parents are stupid as fuck,where are they gonna walk next? Maybe railway? Both were at fault. Who hit her? If everyone keeps to the right, there’s no problems. Cyclists expect vehicles to yield to them in the streets but can’t be bothered with pedestrians on a secondary paved surface? F— that! As you dorks say “share the road!”. God, cyclists are the worst. unfortunately , last clear chance stands, you are suppose to yield to pedestrians as best possible, bike lane is not a licence to ran over anything in sight... you are the one on a dangerous vehicle ( may it be a bicycle , skateboard etc.)  humans are flesh and blood only, you on the other hand is wielding metal and gear going faster than walking, yield to pedestrians and slow down, simple as that..... As a french native this really made me cringe Too bad it was a little girl and not an adult who got hurt In Canada, these are called Active Transportation (AT) Paths, for use by cyclists and pedestrians and skaters. Just Ride carefully, and keep your eyes on the trail.(Head on a swivel). I ride a lot and this annoys me so much! There is this path near I live for cyclists and pedestrians. This path has a yellow line up the middle and you have these nice pedestrians that move out of your way for you and you got those idiots that walk the opposite way straight at you and expect you to move. Also cyclists do this too around where I live, they take up both lanes and expect everyone to move off the path when all they need to do is form a line in their lane...Cyclist struggles. Poor child. Sure it's a designated cyclist lane but it's not a railroad track. That's why they made side walks and bike lanes so no one can get run over Well maybe if the mum got off the phone and was not updating her Facebook status and watching her kids that wouldn't of happened I think there is already more than enough space to walk. So I don't blame the cyclist, I blame the little girl.😡 Why is there a path to be shared by cyclists and pedestrians anyway? It’s stupid. We have the same here in the UK, narrow paths with nothing to seperate bikes from people, children especially are going to run infront of bikes. Im not on anybodies side but surely a kerb or something to seperate both parties would be better. The real moral of the story is, bicyclists need to ride slowly in paths that go through sidewalks shared by pedestrians. The guy who filmed this was also inviting disaster. Deserved it anyway, I feel bad but it's the family's stupid fault for walking on the bike lane. Lesson learned Where can I find a bike path to tell at pedestrians The same can be said about cyclist on roadways.  But oh wait....i forgot cyclist are entitled to everything. Retards If thay stayed in France it would not have happened U go to Amsterdam and u do get run over by cyclists nutters If everyone wants to have the cyclist back and beat up that stupid mother, please comment and like this comment so we can all rally up on the idiot who put that poor child in danger. I hope this video goes viral worldwide. That idiot mother deserve humiliation for the rest of her life. Wow, if I was there I would have had the cyclist back and tell that stupid bitch to kill herself. They never should have walk in the bike-only lanes to begin with. Hope that little girl is alright and yells at her idiot parents for their extreme stupidity. When people arent sure what happened cus they werent paying attention at their children they just happen to say """"how could you do such a thing"""" really 😐😧 Road bikes belong on roads, MUT are for riding and giggling not serious riding When you have cyclists and pedestrians sharing the same narrow path, then this is going to happen.  Even if all obey the rules,  pedestrians and cyclists will have moments of inattention and end up on the wrong side. Wow Is that montreal? This shows our generation is fucking stupid. Fucking idiot I live in Czechia, and it is same here. I'm riding my bike to school every day for like 2 years. We can get fee for riding on sidewalk, but pedestrians don't. Cunts A FUCKING PLEB Picking the child up could have also caused units so that wasn’t the thing to do Of course lets not blame the little girl she is too young to know better. The mom is at fault here. And seeing that she is french she definitely gives zero shits about cyclists, bike paths and simple respect to others. And before you hate on me I am part french and American and I go to France every year and people there only care for themselves and dont give a shit about others. Clearly this women is that type of person. Exactly the same when cyclists ride in the road with a perfectly good cycle path to use. Moral of the story

Cyclists are entitled little benders and
Cyclists should learn how to be aware of hazards. Cyclists are as bad as sovereign citizen assholes, they see no reason why they should obey any traffic regulations while simultaneously policing to ensure that every non-cyclist sticks slavishly to the minutiae of traffic regulations - fucking hypocrites​! Well can you tell all your cycle friends to stay off The DAMN road It looks like they need to swap the cycle lane with the paedestrian path. It looks a nicer safer place to walk. peopels are fucker There own fault shouldn't be on that side """"Oh, my kid just broke her legs, let me just carry her the fuck around :)"""" Trying to call the cops

Cops : hello whats your emargancy

Woman My daughter was hit by a bike 

Cops: where was the bike?

Woman: in the bike lane

Cops: where was your daughter?

Woman: walking down the bike lane 

Cops: and why did you waste my time when i could be eating donuts Common sense Dumb people dont listen to the signs..And that happens. I couldn't even distinguish the 'cyclist' in the crowd It would be even better if cyclists stopped jumping red lights and riding on pedestrian only paths!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ok I agree with this, but also don't fucking bike in the street really slowly and close to my car without moving for me to when it's meant for cars There is no absolute right to run over people EVEN IF they are in the wrong lane. Why the fuck did the brother just start crying? absolutely right pedestrians should stay off of bike lanes and cyclists should stay off sidewalks but very few cyclists obey that law. Clearly there should be a speed limit for cyclists too. Fuck they come wizzing past with no care. If that was my kid that got hurt I would've beaten their ass How i hate that fucking people that walks on the bikes lane. so now you will understand how frustrating it is too see RETARDED CYCLISTS on the roads where there are cars and trucks on narrow country roads It's her fault she's hurt cause their walking on the bike lane poor stupid little girl gdi if i her with my road bike i would make her pay for damage to my bike This bike path is not well marked,  i go there often and do not know, half the time, if it's a bike path or something else. The cherry on top is this is the most touristic place in Montreal. Blame it on bad city planning. i would of went full speed running over children n old people for fun Would you walk on the road with your child and then blame the car driver if hit?? I think probably not. There just isn't anything better to watch than a car hitting a bicyclist. If she really broke her leg NEVER BUT NEVER PICK UP THE KID just let it lay still and call an ambulance! U could make it worse! Well she was of French ancestry!lol It just a accident maybe the little girl got in the way she has to be doing fine now but that suck after like 5 years in life and you mess up your leg 😳 Also keep bikes in bike paths and they need to follow the Rules of the Road as the Woman in this Video had no Helmet on her head. 
 Also Cyclists should have to be Tested just as Drivers are for Vehicles.
  An have to have Full Insurance Coverage as far to Many Cyclists are ate Fault when it comes to Accidents.
 So much More is Needed in the World today when it comes to Cyclists and the Way they continue to Get Away with Disobeying the Laws of the Road and Common Decency ! lol, there's woodland footpaths near me, entrances clearly marked """"No Cycling"""", I guess I don't have to say it but I've been told before to get out the way and """"get off the cycle paths"""". Moral of the story? Everyone should pay more fucking attention, cyclists included. Stupid Canadians don't know that it's a bike only for bikes not for walking. People just want to feel pity for the mother because her child was hurt. She should have been a responsible mother and learned to use the side walks and not the bike lanes. I would have gotten on my bike again and told her to use the side walk and continued on my way. how would they know if her leg is broken? They hadn't had an X-Ray yet? This video makes me so angry, especially the cyclist recording and tries to justify that pedestrians are to blame! I am both a cyclist and a pedestrian. When I am walking I often find that I tend not to take much notice of weather or not I'm on a cycling lane or footpath (sidewalk if you're American) as they are often right next to each other. Also i find a lack of signs and many crossovers, which inevitably means close proximity between cyclist and pedestrians. How dare people blame the child and her parents. You don't know the circumstances of the actual collision. The cyclist was likely to have been traveling at speed with little or no consideration of her surroundings. It was obviously quite busy. Anyone who has children will know that you can't control their every move. The girl did break her leg and her brother nearly vomited upon the realisation of the severity of her injuries! The mothers reaction was perfectly a natural response. THE MORAL OF MY STORY IS THAT EVERYONE SHOULD LOOK OUT FOR EACH OTHER!!!! Fuck u, the rules of the highway code are simple, if a human is walking on a road a car must slow down, fucking fact,  this cyclist needs arresting Get out of the fucking bike lane m8 fifty fifty id still kick the shit out  the cyclist who hit my kid use common sense if kids about its a push bike you're not in the sprint at olympic s riding with out with due care and attention  failure to worn   excess speed for. situation rider to blame send hospital bill to   rider should be insured . if my child sue rider for damages  big bucks how are people to know this is a cycle lane? you must have cycled several hundred meters without there being any signage on the path, maybe the city council are more at fault here than anyone else. You don't run over a child just to prove a point..... When you walk on the Bike Path, keep your eyes open! Dont create walls!
If you do dont blame others, you blind hypocrite idiot! I get the girl was pretty hurt, but even when I was young I knew were to walk. Poor brother realizes that his parents are dumb ass What the moral 








If u see more then one bike in a narrow path use the cross walk life is a bitch...look where the fuck you're going...walking in a bike lane...wtf do you expect....bououououou she broke her leg...bet you she just learn something today Frogs are dumb how fucking fast could that bitch have been going that she couldn't slow down. I feel more sorry for the bike rider 🌮 You do realise that child later died of her injuries. Cyclist are fucking rubbish. If the cyclist hadn't hit that child they would have molested her. I'm not aware of very many 'cycle only' paths round my way.  There are plenty, though, which are clearly marked as being for the shared use of cyclists and pedestrians.  Whose fault it is when a cyclist hits a pedestrian in those circumstances is less clear cut. Some of these riders go far to fast along these bike paths and when people are right there then this is the end result. GET ON THE ROAD WHERE YOU BELONG! Why are they getting mad at her when they knew they wasn't apost to be on the bike lane idiots these days I also ride and it's amazing the pedestrians that won't allow you to pass of just walk straight in front of you. Obviously yes we try to avoid them too but it's easier for them to move than it is for us THE  twat filming this video is riding too fast ....bikes cant stop that quick and regardless there are plenty of obstacles about....another selfish cyclist....where does it say pedestrians cant use that lane? The mom is like ( how could you do such a thing) but Actually it is the moms fault she was not watching her god damn kid Try riding your bike at any beach in southern california.  I skate at the beach every weekend and have seen hundreds of idiots who walk on and across the bike path without looking first. i am a regular cyclist and i slow down for pedestrians all the time.. 2 reasons
1 i am a pedestrian often.. 
2 it's a lot less trouble to slow down thatn to run into a pedestrian

i once almost hit a kid in a national park on a tail on my mountain bike once.. i was going fast..they saw me (her and her dad) 
but she decided to walk accross my path for whatever reason.. it would have been pretty bad for her and probably for
me too
so now, i would rather slow down.. Maybe if those cops ticketed all of those pedestrians on the bike path, accidents like these wouldn't happen. Hopefully they ticketed the girls mom. To be fair there's zero markings after that first section to say there's a cycle lane just a bare path I understand they shouldn't have been walking on the bike path, but fucking hell, who rides into a child? If you can't navigate obstacles or stop in time, should you really be riding a bike at all? Cyclists and pedestrians shearing the same path What idiot thought of that one Damm bicyclist can they find a better place to race!!!! We have that problem here in Bakersfield CA. Where pedestrians walk freely on the bike path. I mean I ell bad but she was probably  walking on the wrong side Pedestrians always have right of way. Fuck that little girl. Stay off the bike lane! Little bitch and her mom. Much love to the bikers Well here in Israel we don't even have bike lanes in my city :/ (even they actually just started making some) Awwwe the brother cries for her Stupid ass people on the wrong side of the lane Pushbikes road on roads so why can't people walk in pushbike lanes, same as thing, Chris Froome laughs at this. The parents should be prosecuted for child abuse. Did he mean how could you do such a thing? Instead of how could you so such a thing Oh god this is horrible :(  Was the bike ok? yes and cyclist never ride on footpaths . THAT STUPID MOTHER THATS THE BIKE LANE STUPID PARENTS BECAUSE OF THE STUPID PARENTS THAT LITTLE GIRL BROKE HER LEG!!! That was the parents fault. There's a sidewalk 2 blocks away why not walk there? This is why I ride on the road. Too many idiots on the bike path. should've been a car whats wrong with the world to day?? easy.. we call pedestrians obstacles!! end of mankind as we know it!! There was a fucking sidewalk where all the people where watching them. that family could have been part of that group, but theyre dumb enough ti walk on bike lanes. although i feel fucked up for saying it, the girl is now the lesson for those dumb parents to not walk in bike lanes. what's even stuoider is the fact that its thw whole family on that narrow lane. Shhhiiiitttt I wouldn't be crying if my sister broke her leg, I would atleast try to help and as soon as we get to the hospital start laughing at her thers a huge ass boardwalk 2 meters away, and them fuckers still walking on the bikeroads... Actually - apart from at start the lane is NOT marked fuck bike riders! they never follow the road rules. And unfortunately the little girl is gonna grow up to hate bicyclists all her life because her parents are dumb. omg i think she died I highly doubt this bike path is for exclusive cyclist use This is like... A family with a baby walking on a road and a car hits the baby. I mean they wouldn't obviously do that, yet they do it on the bike road.  Who is at fault...? duh... This is how I feel about bicyclist in my way while driving a car. Moral of the story don't ride you bike on a narrow road where you will be hit by a car. She broke her leg




Big whoop, just be glad she didn't hit her head. That whole family should've had their necks cracked and skulls crushed. It pisses me off Sorry, if you see pedestrians you should ride accordingly, that is with care and slowly. An adult on a bike shouldn't ride in a way, i.e. fast, if children are about let alone pedestrians. Totally avoidable """"accident"""" if the cyclist isn't """"arrogant"""" thinking he has right of way and riding aggressively. When driving my car near schools and lots of people on the pavement I watch my speed, ie slow down, even below the speed limit, in anticipation of someone making a mistake. Too many drivers and cyclists are like """"Mr Maggoo"""" i.e. """"get out of my way!"""" To be honest, it's common sense, anticipation,  and respect for others and not about """"me"""". Well shit bike lane is for bikes only I guess moral of the story is the money man-NBA Young Boy The moral of the fucking story is that one the person on the bike should keep watch always (no blame on him/her on the bike) and two the people who walk on bike paths FUCKING HAVE IT COMING don't be a parent that walks in those cuz those parents gotta fucking see there kid crying in so much pain she just wants to die so that's karma for them the kid was innocent and had to pay for there STUPID ASS DECISION by breaking HER LEG NOW SHE WONT EVER RIDE A BIKE NICE GOING IDIOTS YOU SCARRED YOUR KID AND BROKE HER LEG idiots am I right? If they were in the bike lane I would have ran over the parents Funny, all of the cycling experts say that this sort of thing doesnt happen. Apparently when cyclists mix with pedestrians they adjust their speed to avoid collisions with pedestrians. So much for the theory. The guy filming this knows that pedestrians are clogging up the cycle path and yet he persists in speeding along dodging them as if they're construction cones. The moral of the story is get back on the fucking bike and keep going to your destination It would help if there was lines and signs actually the length of the damn past rather than just the end,   that's be like having a road with no sidewalk in a built up area.  I'm not saying the cyclist is in the wring but that path could be so much better having a simple line down the middle and every 20ft or so have a cycle symbol just to remind pedestrians every 20ft that that is the cycle lane. kids are clueless in the traffic. I dont care morals, who paid who's medical bills?! Broken leg? No way lmao, talk about over reacting. Rip to little girls leg, but it's the parents fault watch your fucking kids. F this guy recording tho, just standing there for what? Nigga you ain't needed Read the comments and youll understand why people fucking hate cyclists.  Yall are a bunch of cunts. Imma bang the next cyclists jaw I sss """"...and hitting them isn't good for me nor them"""", so that's why you're speeding along like there aren't any around? Cyclists suck. i dont fell at all bad for the kid or parents because ITS A BIKE PATH FOR ONLY BIKES IT SPECIFICALLY SAYS BIKES ONLY There obviously is a systematic failure when that many people are on the bike lane (and from what i can see the bike lane wasn't market as bikelane most places you could enter it) Also i fail to see how you can overlook pedestrians on a straightaway. If that was a street and a car run hit the girl, i bet you wouldn't be so fast to blame the girl. Yeah, cyclists should yield to pedestrians, especially on that footpath as cyclists were also riding where the footsloggers go. bike wankers bicyclists don't just run into people. when you're on a mixed use path you have to keep your kids from running all over the place. moral of the story is mom needs to go back to school with her children and learn how to read Why the fuck would they walk in a bike lane in the first place??!!!! fuck that all you cyclist act like the road belongs to you.. it doesnt! ive seen  paths that are WALKWAYS and cyclist have no regard for the people around instead you expect people to move for you... you have brakes and be concious of your surroundings. i ride a long board and í have never ran into anyone because when í see people around i slow down.. yeah it hella sucks but its called courtesy so shit like this doesn't happen.. douchebags You know what? Your country's cycle road is wayyyy better than fuckin Korea Stupid parents and children for walking on a path DESIGNED FOR BIKES! Sir, I 110% agree with you. These people are the living embodiment of stupidity itself! I agree that this was just plain bad parenting. Bike paths are for bikes. It's her folt she was the one on the bike lane stupid really but I hope she is ok besides that I am a cyclist as well but I hit a lady she was fine stupid french frogs getting in the way DONT WALK IN THE CYCLE LANE!!!! Who was the bike rider 1. At the accident there was not a cycle lane, it was a space for pedestrians and cyclists.

2. Even if it was a cycle lane, if you see there is people there, go slow. Dont be like: """" this a cycle lane, I could go as fast as I wish, this is my right"""" 
- that kind of idiotic mentality cases accidents as the one we saw. Poor girl got injured, but if the lanes are for cyclists only, and there are good pedestrian paths, why risk it? I would love to see new roads with separate sections for bicycle users and drivers... Hint to people (pointing at my fellow cyclists), when in a crowded multipurpose path (thank goodness there are such paths), slow down. Child should be handed to CPS Should be titled : biker hits a pack of retards how feals Bad for the Brother and the sister the boy was cryinig for his sis so sad ☹️😢 Ignorance is bliss. Нехуй ходить по велодорожкам power gives way to sail ,cars give way to pedestrians ,WHY SHOULD IT BE ANY DIFFERENT FOR CYCLISTS? I think you should just be glad there even is a bike lane, also just cause there are people walking in the bike lane gives you no right to go flying past them, you should go an appropriate speed where you can stop in time of something in unexpected. A cycle lane is NOT """"reserved for cycles only"""", there is no law saying people can't walk on them. Just as there isn't rules against people walking along a road (except for motorways). You still have to give way to pedestrians. If your flying along a cycle lane like an idiot and injure a pedestrian, you will get the blame and the pedestrian can sue you if you aren't insured. Seeing a child's limb is broken, the first reaction is to call the police to protect the cyclist who broke the leg, and not to call for medical assistance for the child. Seriously? Must be enlightened civilisation. Not the cyclists fault or the child's fault. It was the stupid mother who decided to ignore the rules and put her child's life in danger. If I would be that women I would slap the fucking parents for blaming me and letting their child run on the bike path How would you know it's a cycle lane? Where I live the lanes have a white dividing line, when the line stops so does the restriction. I notice on the video that there are gaps where anyone can join the path and I don't see any markings to tell them anything. did you said something to them???? stay the fuck outta the bike lane!!! no mate, it's not a cycle lane, it's a shared space. I note that you don't berate the cyclists coming the other way for being out of the cycle lane.
Buffoon. Bike path only my ass. Those people walking on the bike lane are French people, they sounds like French tourists in Montreal who don't get the point that they should not walk on bike lanes. Walking in a cycle lane should be an offence or fine 
For the safety of the pedestrian PEOPLE TAKE A GOOD LOOK AT HOLLAND'S BIKE ROAD'S! THEY DON'T HAVE THAT PROBLEM! moral of the story is pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way - bikes are very dangerous ! This reminds me about the time I was riding my bike on the recreational path. There's a curve path going uphill, but there's a bench on the side and it's a bit of a blind spot. 2 mothers are sitting and I see a child's carriage and a little girl standing beside it. As I'm riding up the curved hill and passing the mothers. From out of the blue a small 2 or 3 yrs old boy starts walking on to the path from where the carriage. I didn't see that, but manage to see him in time to avoid. Then you hear the mothers shouting at me. Listen. It's a bike path and you had the gull to allow your 2 yrs old son walk into the path. How stupid can you be? She´ll live! Pedestrians hit cyclist You don't ride on the road and get insurance you idiot that's they moral It was unfair for the mother to blame the woman and her poor son crying because the sister had broken her leg. On GTA 5 if you road a bike that far from an NPC (like when he passes people next to him) they would be like HEY WATCH IT! Same problem in Brasil. Sidewalks horrible to pedestrians, they prefer walk on the cycleways. Im cycling in Oslo recently and the sidewalks are better. You are the saddest bicycle rider. I  hate when people are walkin on cyclist path. How come cyclists always blame the driver of vehicles when accidents happen.
but when their vehicle hits a pedestrian its still not their fault when they are in charge of the vehicle (bicycle)
They should be made to have insurance Like other vehicle users on the road and how many of them have sat any training to be on the road. The woman on the bike, attempting to exaggerate her injuries to get sympathy, tut tut tut I see people in the comment section blaming the mother for this and it makes me confused. Are bike lines up there only reserved for bikes? Here in WA State bike lanes/trails/paths can be shared by either bikers or pedestrians (and sometimes motor vehicles(and even in rarer cases railroads)). I think the moral of the story is be fucking careful The person making this video is an idiot.  Just because pedestrians shouldn't be in the bicycle lane doesn't mean the cyclists can suddenly bike blindfolded and run over everybody in their lane.  Slow down you stupid fucks and pay attention to what you are doing.  I hope the parents of the little girl sued the dumbass cyclist that ran over their daughter. There is only one case when pedestrians are allowed to walk on the bike path: when there is no sidewalk to walk on, only the bike path.

And in that case, the person should keep to the edge of the bike path as much as possible, and if there is more the one person, they should be moving in a single file, in order to leave the bike path clear for cyclists. I have done this as a pedestrian when it was necessary, and no cyclist have compained yet. 

On the other hand, as a cyclist, I have encountered a group of pedestrians just a day ago, occupying the entire bike path when there was a separate sidewalk provided for them. No comment. lets ignore the cyclists driving on the walking side of the pavement or the cyclist not helping but simply filming good job faggot you are a decent human being. or both sould be wachin were there goin then no one would be hurt The boy is a little bitch. But what else can you expect from the french.
GET THE FUCK OFF THE BIKE PATH! No I do not ride a bike. I messed my knees up in the military. the pedestrian should have badly injured stupid parents letting them in there i would hit them Cyclist fault. People are allowed to walk bike paths. would these pieces of shit walk on the fucking road ? This gets me mad because the mother is blaming the cyclist even though it's her bad parenting fault kid deserved it french canadians are fucking assholes, every single one of them Yet you're stopped in the opposing lane filming as everyone is gone now , you should practice what you preach and pull to the right , you're going to cause another accident FREAKIN KID BE LIKE HAHA IM IN THE BIKE LANE THEN THE NEXT THING U KNOW ALLAH AKBAR!!!!!!! It looks like half of the bicyclists are on the wrong side too.  Bicycles and pedestrians don't mix very well.  Keep them physically separated at all times. Moral of the storey, don't ride bikes Always a stupid kid This is so funny 😂😂😂 Hahaha this is the kind of thing that happens when your not in the proper area. parents are at fault God damn frenchys will give them another good licking wot..hazza bike paths are not exclusive.  get over it..plus  4mph max speed.  that's law. Cyclists must be destroyed, they should have zero rights when it comes to riding on streets, or on any path.  There should be no cycling paths.  If you want to pretend you're 13 years old again, ride the life cycle or life fitness or precor stationary bike at the gym, you out of shape mindless retards.  Learn jiujitsu or some other skill and be productive, you pansies.  Be advised I refuse to respond to you if you have a double digit iq, and I'll be the one to ascertain your stupidity based on your response, not you. Look how the cyclists are so keen on the rules about pedestrians not going on their path. I wish they were so keen on the rules when they go on the roads. they both have fault.. the lady should use her brakes lol im so the olda brother ... 25 and would cry if my little sista broke her leg 😢 Totally disagree. To hurt someone like that you must of been going at some speed. Just because it's a cycle lane doesn't mean it's ok to ride fast. Cyclists clearly at fault, it's simple. or use your head and slow down when you see that theres a child infront of u and dont just think fuck it this is for cyclists so they shouldnt be there anyway hahhahahah I crashed on that very same road and same spot How clear were the markings, there was one small section showing it was a cycle lane for about a metre and a half and then seemingly nothing. """"How could you do such a thing?""""

Is the mother talking to herself? It's her fault they were in that Cyclist lane They have the sidewalk to the right to walk on and yet they are too stupid to do the proper thing. The cyclist should be yelling at all the people the path to """"get the fuck off the bike path"""" i feel bad for the person who ran them over its there falt for walking in a bicycle lane they deserve it idiots! Get rekt I guess..... it like walking in the middle of the road don't do it you can see a bicycle sign on the bike lane at the begining of this vedio, and no more after that.
this cannot blame the pedestrian,
they couldn't know that it is bike lane. there's not enough sign on the lane.

look like it was the footpath before, and was separated for making bike lane. 
even there are no people walk on the lane, this bike lane is dangerous as there are so many obstacles along the way. Kind of retarded to give cyclist their own huge lane. They should use the ROAD Crap parents not looking after their child then blaming her leg on someone else. Fuckers should be on the road end of! Biggest tragedy is that lil jaywalker here didn't die, that she didn't get rolled over and her head popped open on the concrete. Then the city votes to leave the brain matter on the bike path as a reminder to the other mouthbreathers. 

Ooh sorry I was fantasizing about my perfect and just utopia again Man bites dog, car is short for carnage. Fucking dumbass mom not only does she fucking yell at the cyclist she also MOTHER FUCKING picks up her daughter with a broken leg! Hope that mom fucking learns some good parenting for once in her life! This was all written in a fit of rage srry Fucking stupid parenrs To be fair, unless you saw that first 6' where there was a clear sign on the lane signalling it was for bikes, how would you know?? Why not run the line and signs along the whole stretch? Fuck cyclists. Bunch of entitled crybaby cunts. Stupid mother moves her kid with broken leg! Imbecile! Moral of the story, phone ambulance not cops. Some of the hard shit cyclists out up with honestly it's just a broken leg,ya acting like she never gonna walk again,stupid ignorant lady... now you cyclists know what it's like when you cycle on the pavement. predestrians always have right of way Worst mother of the year award goes to the stupid woman in the video. Was the bike ok? who cares, move on I live in MTL and to be fair, it's not a well-marked bike path. the question is this, is that lane where cyclists are allowed to go purely reserved for them? That looks like a route where pedestrians and cyclists are sharing the same path and there is a designated area marked for cycling but my understanding is that on shared paths like this where it is half and half, considerate cycling is allowed within the designated area and pedestrians have priority throughout. So cyclists do not own that designated area, cyclists are being asked to stick to that area and not cycle in the pedestrian area but they should still give way to children and pedestrians and cycle with caution, thats how it works in the cycle lanes in the parks in London, but try telling a cyclist a designated cycle lane is not solely reserved for their use and that on shared paths pedestrians always have priority, they go totally nuts with rage at the idea of it, I've seen it happen, aggressive speeding cyclists screaming at kids who put  a foot in the cycle area, it would seem to be a difficult concept for cyclists to understand that a cycle lane is merely an area designated where cycling is allowed and not an exclusive zone, this would be the case on a shared path, for safety reasons. Badinga bbbbbbbbding bding buububububuding BADINGA DUUUDUUMM All the people on here saying they should slow down on a bike lane are fucking retarded, it's a fucking bike Lane....... why are they walking right there to begin with, there is a sidewalk right next too them, that's what they get for being there! It's like saying cross a road on a red light, Cars won't slow down checking for people wtf it's a green light.... car will go right through you.... bicyclist was not at fault here... So FOH the moral of the story.......when there are pedestrians on your bike path then cycle faster!!!!!..... thankfully the cops are on the scene? what fucking use is that? someone is hurt Someone needs to tell people at background """"what are you looking at?"""" Road kill or Rue la motte. 50/50 if u ask me, I would always slow down if I see young kids near me and if you have decent brakes then no problem. on the flip side I also watch where my kid is walking I walk on cycle lanes as a protest against stupid cyclists who ride on footpaths . Thats a multi use path not a cycle lane. The bicycle symbol on the ground is to tell cyclists to stay to the right of the path to avoid collisions with other cyclists. There is nothing that forbids pedestrians from using it as well. fucking idiot parents and kids. The moral of the story is there shouldn't be bike paths, riding bikes is stupid. Going by the limited footage it looks its not made clear enough that this is a cycle lane......constant access from the side, not enough symbols on the ground and no doubt other pointers.  Typical grey area town planning but where town planners are very good and efficient is in collecting parking money. shud av crushed da cyclist skull No... The moral of the story is to respect all laws, because that's why they are there. If not the world would be in anarchy. But most people don't care about """"petty"""" laws like don't walk on bike paths. Regardless! You see pedestrians slow the fuck down, the family shouldn't have been there but no doubt the rider wasn't riding responsibly. Cyclists are the worst law breakers out there, never stop for stop signs , ride the sidewalk to get around lights, pass on the right, so your credibility sucks If people started walking in the middle of the roads, if a car hits them, I  wonder how they'd justify that it'd be the cars fault #CityCyclist CYCLISTS WILL RUN DOWN CHILDREN AND BREAK THEIR LEGS IF U DARE USE THE BIKE LANE.
Meanwhile i see cyclists running red lights and stop signs, biking on the sidewalk, biking in the driving lanes when bike lanes are present etc.
CYCLISTS SHOW NO CONSIDERATION TO ANYONE BUT THEMSELVES. FILTHY CYCLISTS!!!
When you animals ride on roads ill make sure to not see you also when im in my RAM. pointless video poor little shit idiot parents I live in Montreal (where this was filmed) and I know this bike path and it it poorly marked. there are long parts of it where there is no indication of whether it is a walking path or a cycling path, then it turns back into a bike path.  typical of Montreal. The moral of the story is if cyclists don't want pedestrians on cycle paths then cyclists should stay the fuck off pavements Darwin-ism.  Offspring of inattentive parents get hit by things. Lucky it was only a bike and not something sharper If you can't avoid hitting a stationary object (a person), it's YOUR fault you idiot -- by definition it means you are going too fast. Well if that's the moral of the story then hears one to all cyclists..... keep off the road cos if one of you gets run over then it's your own fault Title should be  'typical arrogant french cunt thinks they can walk where they like'. Walking on the middle of a fucking bike way, what the hell you expect? those paths are for walking to bikers need to watch out for pedestrians  more  and vis versa It may be 'cyclists only' but at that point there was no signage visible saying 'no pedestrian' and at least two points where pedestrians could enter. Even so let us assume that it is a pedestrian free pathway this doesnt remove the responsibility on the cyclist to  travel at a safe speed!!!!......Cyclists insist that cars treat them with care when on the road so why can they do the same for others???.... Why is the little boy crying??? What a little bitch So picture it, it's night time and I am riding to go get some beers after a shit Monday.

I round the corner in my neighborhood downtown on the bike path. There's a shitload of people standing in the middle of the bike path, one of them even goes as far as to reach out to me and say """"watch where you're going, ride in the street!"""". So I take their advice and ride in the street so I can hurry to the liquor store just to shut this person up.

About forty feet down the street a car in a parking spot on the right side of the road makes a u-turn in front of me. I hit the car and my bike is fucked, hit the drivers side quarter panel and limped over to the sidewalk. He stopped, but he tried to bribe me to not call the police or ambulance. I had to keep telling him I need to call them in case I'm hurt not so they can get him in trouble. He says """"cmon man don't be a millennial"""" and after he says something about having had a few drinks he jogs away, leaving his car. 

Thankfully I'm ok but that was pretty fucked up. My $1,000 bike isn't so okay though. My knee is swollen but I feel like I could be hurting worse had I been going the speed I travel at when I ride on the road. Don't know if a lawsuit is what I need to compensate my loss but we will see later on, I'm exhausted after all that crap... But hopefully she is okay That's there own fault that's why they should not walk on the bike lane I feel sorry for the girl because she broke her leg but I feel more sorry for the woman who hit her because she must feel so horrible getting looked and shouted at when it wasn't her fault... Stupid mother how she said how could u do such a thing she said but look at u dumb ass you put your girl in danger by walking in Bicycle lanes I am daily cyclist in Versailles (France) and sometimes Paris. In Versailles there are wide """"promenades"""" on the """"contre-allées"""" along wide avenues. While a little wider, these promenades look similar to the present video; they have been, and still are, mostly by pedestrians, mothers with kids, people walking their dog or going to the open market downtown.
In the recent years the City has painted cycle tracks on those promenades. This is plain malevolent: of course everyone understands that promenades are for """"se promener"""" (walking). Sure everyone is obeying, but when cycling there I am always sad to see that mothers and grand-mothers chatting while looking over kids, people with their dogs, groups of 4-5 young men discussing, can no more walk casually and joyfully as they used to do, mothers now have to chide kids and prevent them from joyfully play and freely walk.
For everyone it is obvious that we, cyclists, have to watch for the kids and other pedestrians, NOT the other way around. I am shocked to see that nowadays the good civilized usages are gone, people get unfriendly, intolerant, violent, to others, while extremely tolerant for themselves.
Here I am sad for the little girl injured and her mother and family, I regret the young woman who injured her was not vigilant enough, but I am quite upset to see so many inhuman people blindly blaming the girl and mother, just because a stupid or malevolent municipality has made a stupid barbaric rule against public interests; it has become the routine to blame the victims and to let go the faulty ones. Society is on a very bad path.
Sat 25 Feb 2017 23:02 GMT both are to blame...so you are on you bicycle and what you do if some other bicyclst is ahead of you but much slower than you??? you slow down,you look after you and others...just to blame pedestrians is bs...what wiuld you do if some dog was on bike lane...hit him and blame him?? there are more people that are stupid than people that have common sense.  fuck them... sometimes i also get a little stupid myself so fuck me. so pay attention to detail and not just focus on being stupid This is why cyclists should be insured.  Cyclists are all smug sociopaths who think their shit don't stink. Did the person say how could you do such a thing to the cyclist??? That person is just stupid if he/she said that to the person that couldn't do anything! Stupid mom letting her kids play on a bike lane /:| did the local zoo just close?? seemed like a lot of 'animals' about :/ c'est seulement une piste cyclable ?? or cycle on the fucking road Great, your mad at the parents for walking on the bike path so you run their kids over. .  Now you know what it feels like to motorists trying to dodge cyclists on the roadway.  But don't worry, we won't run over kids to prove a point. unless theirs a bike line and a pedestrian walk way, but still bikes should slow down for children yh it was a bike line BUT on the part where the accident happened there was NO bike line markings !!!!!!!! I am a fast Walker going about 4 and 1/2 miles per hour but even then I would not walk on a cycling path and when I cycle I do not ride on sidewalks or pedestrian paths. Every pedestrian should walk-on bike paths. Have CRITICAL PEDESTRIAN demonstrations on bike paths, shoulders of roads, etc to let these asshole cyclists know that they can't push pedestrians around anymore. people being stupid what a surprise sizde yine bisiklet yolu var insanlara carpiyosunuz biz ne yapalim arabalarla yarışıyoruz yollarda cyclist is a twat regardless if the peds were walking, you shouldn't aim for them or at least be careful around them , just because its a bike lane, and especially as the cyclists know people walk there There's a similar reason why cyclist shouldn't be in car lanes...  Cyclists are self-righteous arrogant scumbags and the most important thing, to them, is making others mad, because, """"It's our right to be here!"""" A lot of the comments here state that the pedestrian deserved to be knocked down because she shouldn't have been in the cycle lane. So by the same rationale if a cyclist strays out of the cycle lane onto a roadway used by cars, or if a cyclist runs a red light, he/she deserves to be knocked down?  . . . . . that's why you GIVE WAY TO BICYCLES, DON'T BLOCK THEM that's why i say you should ride on the road... you are a vehicle after all. Stupid peds Its just a bike just deal with it atleast u didnt get biten by a snake and i got bitten by one In comparison with this case, how many cases when bikes ride on the pavements dedicated to pedestrians (and sometimes hurt them but almost always bother them) ? I am a cyclist, it is even my job. However, pedestrians are the most vulnerable. As a consequence, nothing is less fair than treating them grossly as idiots. On that video, the moralization of the most vulnerable is easy. 

I've not ridden in Montreal for a long time. Yes, it's pretty clear it may be a path dedicated to bikes... Let's think differently: pretty normally, pedestrians tend to walk in the charming places... Like this way between hedges rathen than beside cars.

Cities can be changed in better ways, and pedestrians are the most legitimate situation in everyone's life where we can express from (even though we can express from other points of view too) : no pollution (1), no high speed intimidating others (2), no big weight intimidating others (3)... (3)+(4)=(5)--> Less cinetic energy in a case of a collision with other (which means that the girl injuried in that video was rather logically the most hurt person in the case... a light girl with a low speed...), no need for big investments for pedestrian surfaces (6). And everyone is a pedestrian daily (7), which means that everyone should know that pedestrians are vulnerable (8). On the Brooklyn bridge we have the opposite problem. Bicyclists are up all over the pedestrian lane. Why the heck are they walking on the bike lane if there's a sidewalk next to it? moral of the story is paint a cycle only lane the full length of the path and cyclists need to ride carefully because there are children about. That's there fault csl I have had that trouble, but it is you who is in the wrong, in their eyes. So fucking true, saying are you stupid and shit like that yet they're walking on the bicycle lane which is clearly for bikes only and pedestrians are not allowed to walk on that lane and in this video it clearly shows why it's only for bikes In this situation, between warning signs and common sense, the parents were at fault, though the cops clearly were not enforcing such a simple law. There is a sidewalk clearly parallel to the bike path, and so, pedestrians may NOT walk on the bike path. Bike are considered vehicles. How the fucking shitting dicking way is this the fucking cyclist fault 😡😡😡😡😡😡 here in dublin, stupid pedestrians cant tell the difference between a green and red light. Stupid mom can't even make her child walk where shes meant to leads to sad results Disgusted by some of the cyclists comments here, Car drivers say exactly the same about you on roads. Lets just all share the space. They deserved it! How hard can it be to stay out of the bike lane?  Stupid pedestrians. It appears as though the bikers don't respect the pedestrians either. Im happy she got hit because that will teach her to not be in the bike lane This was so sad. Poor little girl. Did the girl stand in the bike lane and get hit, if she was she's a fucking idiot and where are people supposed to walk? In the road.The cyclist is a dick.Obviously did not bother to slow down when he knew people were there.Selfish twat. Stupid Frogs. It's a bike path, clearly labeled such. Keep your idiot crotch goblins under control in public and they won't get injured, you twits. same in korea people walking only bicycle lane Cyclists who stay on the bike paths have every right to use them without pedestrians in the way. I live in NYC and the problem here is when the cyclists ride on the sidewalks of busy streets wreck less like a bunch of assholes, hit a pedestrian, then get their ass kicked and wanna bitch and play victim. But yeah pedestrians who walk the bike lanes deserve to get hit how could you do such a thing? holy fucking shit people use common sense your walking on a bike path!!!!!! Just remember, pedestrians always have right of way, on roads, paths, you name it, regardless of the circumstances. This is simply a matter of public policy that the courts uphold. The cyclist has a much higher duty of care to the pedestrian than the pedestrian has to the cyclist. As a warning to cyclists, if a pedestrian is found to have made an error of judgement, they are most likely to be found to be contributory negligent, if anything. As a cyclist, I have an insurance policy that covers me for damages to myself and third parties. Costs me nearly nothing. Do I have an insurance policy as a pedestrian to cover me for any damages when I walk to the shop for a loaf of bread? No, of course not. Why? Because cyclists (and drivers) have a much higher duty of care to pedestrians. As a cyclist, if I hit a pedestrian, I am liable personally for any damages to them. If I hit a city stockbroker, doctor, lawyer etc., and prevent them from working for a few months, I could be found liable for the loss of their eye watering salary and sued for damages. Yikes! So, next time you hop on your bike and go whizzing down a cycle path with pedestrians scattered all over the place, thinking you have the right of way and if you hit anyone because they are standing in the cycle lane it's all their fault...think again, because your lawyer will be shivering when you say the words """"I hit a pedestrian"""" and you could be selling your house to pay for the injured pedestrian's damages! I feel so bad at that woman not only does she feel bad for that little girl and her brother,but also she is getting yelled at for no reason. While the signs show a 'bicycle' I do not see any signs that state 'no pedestrians'.  Are there laws which state 'bicycles only'?  If not, then pedestrians are legally allowed to be there. no. 
Pedestrian Hits Cyclist I'm happy they got hit it's there fault there walking on where people ride there bikes Typical wanker ,heartless cyclist first of all it is a biker lane and these dumb ass people don't want to move at all so the little kid gets hit get out of the way cause that's so hard It's the lil girls fault. Not the bikers. just saying i wouldve said fuck it and just book it I got hit by a car today on my bike 😪 I agree people should stay out of bike lanes, but I don't have any sympathy for cyclists or anything that happens to them. I live in Boston and I would say 85-90% of all cyclists ignore all laws in place. They fly through red lights, stop signs, go the wrong way, weave through crosswalks, ride on the sidewalks, and much more. Anytime something happens, it's pretty clear they were doing something they shouldn't. Don't be so kind. Just say """"DON'T FUCKING WALK ON BICYCLE LANES IF YOU DON'T WANT A CYCLE IN YOUR ASS"""" The parents were arrested a year later for fucking drug abuse. Taking cocaine and heroin. And also smoking weed. And the daughter ran into the bike... So it is her fault. There is only one thing I hate more than pedestrians and baby strollers on a bike path, and that's in-line skaters in bike paths. Also, here we have bike paths kinda combined with pedestrian paths, so it's a hell to use them sometimes. natural selection always strikes Never ride on shared paths  . feel bad for the kid.  but people should not walk on a bike path and i feel the same way with bicycles on roads. same thing really if you think about it. cyclist gets hit by trucks on road.  pedestrian gets hit by bikes on bike path thats ok ,but will cyclist then please use the bike lanes and not the roads bike lane is the express way of any cyclist... you are totally an idiot if you walk on that bike lane as a pedestrian. I just ride my bike at people walking on the bike paths and make them move out of the way. Think the answer is stated at the start where it says """"the city doesn't care"""". This is evidence that mixing pedestrians with bike riders on a bike lane is dangerous, but what has the city done to ensure that the bike lane remains pedestrian free? Not enough according to the poster of the video... unfortunately, this another of example of when people in power are forced into introducing stupid rules because stupid people with no common sense do the wrong thing and then it impacts on the rest of us. who the fuck do you cyclists think you are you think you own the roads and the paths its for pedestrians aswell i hope all you wankers get trampled under a truck fuckin poofs in spandex There are many side entrances to this """"bike zone"""" - I counted at least four. I hope they all clearly say """"No Pedestrians Allowed"""" so people know not to enter, like people getting off the coaches, taxis etc.
Because at those parts there are ZERO markings on the ground.

later edit:  I had a thought - If cyclists want to speed round as fast as they can, you know - that's great. But first you have enclose it - gate it all off, BIG signs on the gates - """"Cycle racetrack - Enter at Own RIsk"""". Make sure there's no chance of joggers or kids or dogs or whatever getting in the way. never been there, but it is NOT clear that it's reserved only for bicycles. how the fuck do you break a leg when getting hit by a bicycle? Now u know how drivers feel when u entitled bicyclists are on tbe road. These damn bike riders think they own the streets! why go so fast when you know that there are kids walking on these lanes. i blame the family.clearly, it is meant for bicycle,still the idiots stayed on bicycle lanes and still can say"""" how could you do this"""".well how could you do thia to yourself then the funny thing is this is how people in cars view cyclists The OP has a moral of a story lol pathetic. It's just about being careful the same as a car has to be careful with a cyclist. You say as if pedestrians aren't allowed on bike paths but bicycles are allowed on the road? Everyone just be careful accidents happen!! People just want to blame others all the time. This gets me angry like the little girl doesnt know but the parents are stupid asf and its 100% their fault yeah stay on the path note roads No one to blame except the parents. I ask you this. ... would you walk in the middle of the fucking road with your family??? No!!! So why walk the fuck up a segregated, purpose built cycle lane and put your kids safety and that of a cyclist in danger???  Fucking stupid!! Nothing else. How much space does a MAMIL need? Ik there fucktards for doing that but I feel sad he was crying Fucking child lol the brother cried Pedestrians have right of way over all moving vehicles. PERIOD! Nobody know cyclists walking or driving. I hate them all. If it was car vs cyclist.... How could you do such a thing 

Bitch stfu you shouldn't have been in the bike lane and because of her the child's leg is broken children are unpredictable you could seriously hurt a child.
so if you see a family elderly or children you should appoarch with extreme causion.
The fact you don't tell me what a nasty person you are.
cycle lane or not if you see a child always give that child the right of way. lol lol A When liberals collide ill just vall the police thay im not in fault.there were jn my way.Fucking idiots man I feel bad for the little girl.. for having such incompetent parent... We need to learn Human psychology about road behaviour.Its normal for people to encroach onto cycle paths, because Cycle paths sometimes are along the pedestrian paths.Cycle paths shift from roads to besides pedestrians..So most of the pedestrians forget this.. Cyclists need to expect kids and people making this mistake (which is human nature) ..So to avoid problems people with more momentum should be aware , and should not drive like..""""This is my path..So get out of the way""""..Are you serious...? People are like that..They wont do that on a  road because roads are seperate and its the area of bigger vehicles...On pedestrian paths,people tend to spread out... Its the mothers fault. Lol if only the kid died Well she gonna learn today. 0:36, I see about 15 cars and 5 pedestrians who are at fault. LOL the brother crying because his sister broke her leg. I would be happy for that to happen to my sister. What a pussy bc i broke my arm and dislocated my knee with burns and I didn't cry. Are you kidding the path is marked at the start but no other
signs. Im from England if I joined the path somewhere along I wouldn’t know if it
was a cycle path. Only sign I saw was the one painted on the ground showing it was approved for bikes. Is there a sign saying no pedestrians? If not, then YOU were in the wrong.. There are also signs like that on normal roads. that doesn't mean NO cars unless it was out of the normal car lane. Simple make the bike path where the bike hire is - this looks like the footpath The irony is that cyclists are carrying on about pedestrians travelling on 'their' roads ... lol rekt maybe you should n`t be speeding, idiot. its not a tour de france route, its a walkway and cycle path Your just as bad for posting this.  If you wanna go fast then fuck off the cycle paths. not the kids fault, its the parents and they cant do shit to that cyclist why call the police when there is 2 police already there... Live in Verdun and work in Hochelaga. Love my commute along the canal....... until.... Friggin' Old Port man! It is THE WORST!!!! Now I ride through that strip with a Fox coaches-whistle in my mouth and down the centre line of Rue De La Commune for my own safety. Eso pasa por ir los peatones  x el carril bici. The moral of the story slow down . Walking in a bike lane totally fine is it? NOPE! People who think it is should go and play on the motorway! Agghhhh its so frustrating!!! I always try to be as respectful as possible cycling around pedestrians but makes it very hard when they don't respect you.. Every 20 seconds trying to get around people in the bike lanes and then they look at you like you have done something wrong >:( cyclists need to slow down when on shared area with pedestrians who must also stay aware of cyclists its just common sense, i am a cyclist, always respect the laws, red light yield pedestrians, and even cars, but when ppl walking on the lanes are around i just like to hurt them, here is the list 

Run over toes: 5
Knocked cellphones: 7
Hit someone to the ground: 1 (this was unintentionally since the woman was texting and crossed a blind spot into the bike lanes while on green like for me)
Scared ppl with loud horn: 20+ 

all these where done because they did not follow the rules. That's fucking stupid why does the little girl just fucking look were she's going or she idk but that's rude af how dare he hit a little girl that's just fucking rude brother is retarded. Cries like it's the end of the world when it's just a fucked leg jesus christ as bikelife, id peddle off, and wouldnt care she came in my lane I was bikeing on the boardwalk today and some ass ran me over on his bike and told me he was training for triathon and he hit me as hard as a truck I think the cyclist is totaly right!1 You should of told those stupid people it's for bike That's fucking stupid, if you are in the lane for bikes, and you get hit. It's on you. You take the risk of walking there. thats such a loving and caring brother my sisters and brother never crying for me but i still love them is it legal if u were just to apologize and continue on cycling or is that considered a hit and run? If some woman said that to me I would tell her off and call her out on her shit parenting I hate When Pedestrians are in front of me I say watch out and excuse me but they don't Listen..😠😠 Idiotic kid whatsup with the cyclist on the pedestrian lane?..they can do anything, get a camera and force some accident then make youtube viewers, iam a cyclist aswell making 15km a day and never did any accident or anything Kids I dont know why stupid people hit them oh wow she jus had a a leg broken and...... tf she did she had a concussion she had head injury is she bleeding to death is she ain't having no pulses no!!! is jus a fucking broken leg it mostly happened to everyone Use the same theory with cyclists on roads. Cheers. that kid cried because his little sister broke her leg The little girl was probably in the cycle path but then when the cyclists tried to move the kid probably jumped in front I feel really bad for the little girl  (and her brother) but they shouldn't be on the cycle side. I do feel bad for that girl, BUT COME THE FUCK ON MOVEEEEEEE I blame the mum. On dual paths keep your kids close like you would near a road. Same goes for dogs not on leashes. You never know if they are going to run across a bike path and its certainly not the cyclists fault TIL french siblings care about each other more XD why do these over protective rich snobbish parents love to blame other people, watch your child and stay out of the bike lane. Look before I say anything I am a sociopath! The mother is stupid enough being french yet alone her brilliant mothering, her stupidity has rubbed off onto her daughter and her son needs to be the man in the group being french and all maybe not. Stupid pepole shouldn't be in bicycle lan in first place If you didnt know

In syon park i was playing pokemon go and i wasnt looking at the phone i was looking ahead not jk and this bike his me with my nose sorta hurting i was crying but my iphone screen got ruined back my dad frkin let him of so he got away without paying but my screen is fixed now Fucking cyclists! Worst in London! It's both their faults but I would have cycled off without stopping I just don't cars about other people I am the most important person in my life ,besides we have too many children on the planet moral ?stop breeding in vast numbers and scrap child benefit now !!? fucking stupid ass mother should of watched were she was walking I feel really sorry for the poor little girl, she is far too young to know and understand not to walk there, it's her pig shit ignorant Mother who hurt her kid, not the cyclists fault at all. The way she shouted at the lady cyclist was horrible, someone should have told her she put her own child at risk and she is a bad Mother. Mdr les français et leur difficulté à lire une signalisation. PUTAIN ! idiots They crazy for walking there I think they have both responsibility for the accident, because if you are with pedestrians, you have to be slow and cautious about them. I also cycle on special roads with two lines for bicycles and pedestrians and go slow. Dumb ass woman. I sympathize for the child as she is young but that's completely on the mother. Québec!!! Yes I feel terrible for the little girl, but what do you expect it a is a BICYCLE LANE not a pedestrian sidewalk No, there is no line marking one side from the other. Cycle at the speed that allows you to not hit other users.  Not clear cut at all. the mother should have more responsibility over her stupid daughter This should be classified as a crime and that bitch should go behind bars. Lock her and throw away the keys! Wow people are idiots and I'm not try a be rude but. That little girl deserved her leg broken it's the mom's fault she made her daughter get hurt it is not the person that was riding the bike it's all the mom's fault It's the pedestrians fault for being in the fucking cycle lane Is this in France? The kid deserved it and the family deserved to watch her cry. every one of those people who continued to walk in a Lane that's a designed for bikes after seeing that accident should be taken out as bad as the accident was if anyone should be charged it's the mother To the people calling the kid dumb, you are heartless, she's only young.

The blame falls with the ignorant parents, who wrongly shout at the cyclist, a collision was bound to happen if the cyclists have to weave around pedestrians jaywalking on cyclepaths.
My city has a network of shared use paths that pedestrians are supposed to walk on the right side, but constantly there are groups who walk abreast taking up the whole path, or kids who suddenly lunge out while I'm passing even though I rung my bell, you cannot blame the cyclist unless you have proof they were themselves being careless. First that was heart broken. Hope she recovers. The bitch of mother should of walked on the opposite side of the bike lane. Thanks to that bitch, that little girl paid the price and she didn't deserve it. that's why you freaki g listen to the signs stay on your side the bike lane is for cyclists and walk way for WALKING its the mothers fault Poor cyclist... That was the dumb kids fault and then the mom yells like it was the fault of the innocent lady just riding her bike what a dumb family once i hit a man on the cycle lane he crossed while he was not looking, he got angry and punched me. Why these idiots riding so fast when they know there are pedestrians there?
Dumbasses everywhere bien fais pour la gamine
il faut tenir les enfants et ne pas marcher la ou on a pas le droit. Good I'm happy they got hit they should learn to read and not walk in a bike lane where's the common sense these days retards That Girl Is A Dumb Idiot And there's a pedestrian sidewalk just on the other side of the bushes. Poor little girl, and all because of her mother's decision to walk on a bike path instead of that sidewalk. At the Vieux Port de Montreal, there is also a sidewalk by the docks. Cyclists in Montreal are not aloud to ride on sidewalks, you will get ticketed. It's time for pedestrians to be ticketed for walking on designated bicycle paths. This is depressing to watch i can just tell it was the kids fault no.1 we get fucking shouted at if us cyclers are riding on the pedestrian walkway yet we're not allowed to shout at them if they walk on the cycle path 

no.2 they shouldn't have been walking on the cycle path 

no.3 I can't believe the mother has the audacity to shout at the cyclist 

in conclusion: families fault It's a fucking bike lane I'm from Australia I got to shear the road with the cars Suck to be the kid The kid and her mother deserve it for not obeying simple road rules Where's this? it's guidance not mandatory,  cyclists should take more care. That is why I have a bell on my bike. Unfortunately some people are still oblivious even when I'm spamming it right behind them. You want to bitch about people not walking on their lanes yet you people don't ever stop at a red light on the street. You guys act like your above the law. Yet when a cyclist can't get through it's ok for them to get on the pavement? Some people shouldnt be parents. stupid kid this was toooooo funny I see this all the time.. only issue is they make a path for bikes on the road and on the path but they fail to give much to the walking pedestrian. People vacation where I live and are completely clueless to the cyclists but I feel that everyone needs a safe place to commute, cars on the road, bikes in bike lanes and walking pedestrians on either sidewalk or a path for Walkers... so sad to see a child hurt hopefully she was ok it doesn't matter about all the rules, a little girl got hurt. it's a rule for one is it?what about cyclists who don't even use the cycle lanes when they are there?cyclists expect motorists not to hit them when they are weaving around drains on the roads so if pedestrian are in the way of you then you do the same.show some common sense and respect. lol why the boy crying. he a lil bitch The moral of the story, don't walk on cycle lanes?  If the victim was a cyclist on a road and the person who struck them a car, would the moral be don't cycle on a road?  Having  a right of way doesn't give you a right to plough through those in your way. Don't walk on a cycle path. Walk in the middle of the road,get hit by a car. Walk in the middle of a cycle path get hit by a bike I have pedestrian problems here to. There is a lane only for bicycle riders and these dumb fucks keep walking in the bike lane. A few people actually yelled at me as I passed them in my lane. re looking at this video there should be signs posted saying Cyclist, city, county and government officials are not responsible for injury's on the bike path involving a cyclist. No matter if the pedestrian press charges for assault their nothing they can do because the path is for cyclist only. Slow down then you fucking retards Why didn't they walk on the freaking sidewalk just over the hedge???  God, they are acting like U.S. fucktards rather than Europeans. Dear STUPID people, BIKE LANES are not WALK LANES. Yes they are smooth, yes they are pretty but NO you do NOT get to walk on them. Not even if you have a STROLLER. Parents are always letting their kids do whatever they want ON THE BIKE LANE. I once NEARLY hit a child, but I didn't and I get yelled at by the mother and I yell at her ' This is the BIKE LANE, what are YOU doing having your kids play on the bike lane?!'  and again for some reason it was MY fault. Oh and apparently to her clueless brain a TOY tricycle is an actual bicycle... and she didnt even have a helmet on that child. 

But it was MY fault to her special mind. 

I was going really fast too, about 33 MPH. I got GREAT breaks. Because that child as all stupid children, decide not to move out of the way, but stay put and in some cases even run TOWARDS my bike. So no doubt this biker wasnt at fault and in fact THE MOTHER should have known better. Nice of the mother to dangle the kid around with a broken leg.
Surely it must have been utterly pleasant for the kid. I am 60 yrs old, I remember my parents when we get our new bikes we always have a buzzer or bells as accessories. And for us to use it when were passing someone. for the comment on top, the driver can say stay off the road. Be smart!!!!!!!!!!!! this is like bikes on the car road Just because it's a dedicated bike path doesn't mean it's okay to ride through and around people at unsafe speeds. You couldn't  get away with this type of behavior driving in a car on the road.  

To car and truck drivers, the bicyclists are the annoying pedestrians. You tell US that we need to respect your space and give you room, yet you are doing the exact same thing to the pedestrians that's being done to you. 

As the driver of a large pick-up truck, I will continue to give you your space and I will continue to drive safely around you because it's the right thing to do and because to not do so would be illegal and I would be held criminally and financially liable for my actions if you were to be harmed (despite the fact that you are an annoyance).  I would suggest that you consider giving pedestrians the same courtesy. Mowing them down and acting like it's their fault isn't going to work very well for you. THis is in Montreal, the old port, full of tourists and the bike lane is not clearly marked, unfortunately you have tourists walking thinking they have the right of way , and cyclists who do have the right of way trying to navigate. they should either fence off the lane or have a no walking sign every 5 feet or so..but alas, accidents will happen and the children will suffer....Will somebody please think of the Children!! cyclist needs to die im getting p1ssed off at the fact cyclists think they own the roads and the pavements..   Yes its a cycle / footpath but it doesn't mean the cyclist own the bloody thing and have to go hammering it down there at full speed.  You are riding potentially lethal Victorian contraptions. you broke this girls leg, you wouldn't do that if you were riding considerately..  So if a pedestrian happens to cross over the not existent white line then its ok to smack into them is it!?   By all means scycle down there but be bloody careful.. don't think its your path and fk everyone else...  PRICKS its clearly a bikelane u morons Too many retarded pedestrians disliked this video. Poor cyclist and don't cycle on the car paths. Well at least the girl will know not to limp on cyclepaths in future. stupid just because your on a bike doesnt mean you can people over dumb onion eaters And the parents are dicks about its and say it's the bikers fault you don't want to get hit watch the fuck out is number 1 and walk on the damb side walk that's what there there for mmmmmm the markings seem to end ....... and if your on a bike why not act with a bit of sense ? ......... after all you dont mind running red lights ... going the wrong way down 1 way streets ,,, riding in the dark with no lights ... hoping on the pavement when  it suits ............ just saying like The moral of the story when a bicyclist gets plastered where I live: don't ride where bike lanes haven't been installed. Quit riding on 2 lane county roads & backing up traffic. And if you're still stupid enough to do it, wear something reflective. Broken leg yeah call the police.................. There is no indication on the pavement of where the pedestrians should walk and where the bicyclists should ride. Needs to be a line of demarcation between the two. Also a cyclist riding a bike at speed where pedestrians are known to walk with out regard to cyclists should ride at a slower safer speed that would allow the cyclist to stop or swerve to avoid accidents. There is ONE PLACE indicating it is a bike path and that is far far away from the accident? How the fuck would you have people should know that path is for bikes when there are NO signs? lessen learned LOOK THE FUCK OUT Its not a perfect world. 
It Looks like a foot path and people don't read signs much do they ? 
Riding or driving to the conditions is the best way for all wheeled things. 
If riders know people stray into the bike lane then they need to ride with that in mind. here in holland people know not to walk on the cycle lanes because we know beter Got a feeling they did NOT pave an 8 foot wide road for bikes....  For everyone! I was walking on the side walk and was hit by a guy riding his bike on the sidewalk. Hit the back of my legs, I'm 6'3, and the guy still dint see me.  I'm not a fan of cyclists in general, but she was in the clear for this one. the moral of this , is that you are an idiot an cyclists dont ride on roads Very true don't walk on cycle lane you will get hurt and cyclists don't ride your cycle on the road you will get killed...!!! I had practically the same story. I was riding from the hill on the bike road(near 50 km/h) also there is bigger line for pedestrians, but they chose to walk on the bikes road, I had no space to drive near them. Fortunately I had very good front breaks, if I didn't use them, I would crash into the tree on into them.Front breaks are VERYYY useful Just pay attention to what happens on your lane. That's what I did last time when I jumped on the gras as one cyclist was in hurry and tried to overtake the two cyclists who were driving side by side on the bicyle lane. It doesn't matter whether you are a pedestrian, cyclist or car driver when you are a jerk. Those idiots don't pay attention to anyone. So its ok to run people down then ? Well its the Pedestrian's fault for not following the fucking rules well that's what they get for not following a broken leg :D so you are telling me that you always stop at stop signs and red lights and you never ever break the laws that are meant to regulate cyclists? if that's true then you know you are a great rarity among cyclists. at 0:55 to 0:58 you can see her right fibula or tibia broken in half, while her foot is swinging around with no control. :( so maybe since all the walkers want to use the bike path instead of the sideWALK, the bikers should use the sidewalk, then the city can put sign on the sidewalk saying it is used for bikes....then they can start calling the sidewalk a bike-path and call the bike-path a sidewalk...problem solved jews... At the point the incident happened there was no markings to divide the path and cycle lane so both cyclist and pedestrian are sharing the space, meaning the cyclist has a responsibility to slow down and avoid the pedestrian. Thanks for the video and clearing things up for me. I drive a car, so if a pedestrian is in, what is clearly a road, I can run them over 😀 To be fair, the bike path was only marked up to a certain point. Where the incident that happened, there's no clear indication that people were walking on a bike path. The city should extend the bike path lane markings for the entire stretch, but we all know how slow/half-a$$/lazy the Mtl gov't is. Is that whole thing only a bicycle path? Are there signs stating """"no pedestrians"""" and """"bikes only""""? Where is this? Dumb bitch deserved it I hate cyclists I go to parks wear walkers joggers and cycling is allowed but its the cyclists going 25 30 mph yelling at you to move out of the way if want to go that fast stay on streets with your stupid ass uniforms Mother didn't protect her kid Stupid mother walking down the street they are bad parents walking on a bike lane here in Australia cyclists dont have to pay any road tax or registration to ride on our roads, yet the government spends millions every year on special bike lanes and bike paths for cyclists. 
i understand that pedestrians need to be careful, but pedestrians have right of way at any time.
i would have much more respect for cyclists if they helped pay for the millions the government spend on them every year.

you need a licence to drive a car, but anyone can just hop on a bike and ride on any public road at any time... it needs to be regulated or some kind of licensing implemented. This happens to me all the time, I'm in a cycle Lane some careless parent let's their kid run around in a cycle Lane and I have to stop to make sure I don't hit them. Don't get me wrong, I feel bad for the kid, but it's just a case of bad parenting. I hope all of you bikers fall flat on your faces. You ride on the street all the time and the cars have to dodge your punk asses. You should be road kill Stupid ignorant idiots like seriously and By the way I am NOT blaming the little girl I am blaming the parents for walking on the BIKE lane! there are no entrances to what is said to be a cycle lane in area where the accident happened.
Whether the people should have been there or not, the cyclist should have seen them and slowed down.
If people are walking on a road, motorists have to slow down if they can. I am a 120kg male and i deal with this shit on a daily basis. Good thing i havent wasted anyone yet. But seing that a 50kg woman can break a girls leg... I don't want to imagine what i can do to a child if i hit it... I was riding last year, half the walk was for pedestrians the other half for cyclists. I can see the confusion in this video, but where I was riding the cycle lane was coloured in red, clearly separated by a solid white line and there were regular signs. I was going at least 20mph trying to get home quickly and all of a sudden an elderly man comes out of nowhere and positions himself right in my way in the cycling lane as I'm coming in, so he sees me approaching having obviously underestimated my speed and freezes in panic.I had to lock up the rear wheel to drift off my path and into the road so I don't hit him. I didn't make a big deal out of it, but it could've been fatal had we collided head on. That's why these shared walks are dangerous for pedestrians. stupid people why walk on the bike paths it's the parents fault hahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕 Most """"bike paths"""" are for use by bikes and pedestrians. At least where I'm from. The way you feel about pedestrians staying off bike paths is the way the rest of us feel about bikes staying off streets. It's always the cyclists fault I wanna ram them so bad when I see packs of them on the road Haha, come to Moscow, Russia, Gorky Park to feel that madness in every meter of bicycle road... %) 😂 😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂i live on montreeal thats the moral car drivers would say to cyclists on the road Shouldn't have been walking on the bike path in the first place. I see no signage restriction for bikes only, only that bikes are allowed. what happened after? Moral of the story   cyclists are generally cunts Douchebag bicyclist EVEN IN DENMARK THE DON'T CARE EVEN THAT IT IS 2ND BIGGEST CYCLING COUNTRY ON EARTH!!! One time some pedestrians ware going on a bike path an runned into me! Moral? Don't make fun of a fast going bike or you will break your hand and get wounds! ( my bike is like in tour de france ) so i was going really fast. Another moral. My bike helmet saved my life even though it got broken almost to half of hitting the concrete with all that force. Helmets are heroes, and pedestrians on a bicycle paths are villans. Hmm, cyclists should take their own advice and not bitch at cars, we all know cyclists are putting themselves in danger!  
Moral of the story They do the same shit in Turkey, i sometimes want to get my front wheel rammed to their ass at 45km/h. Those people always look for cars on road, but never on bicycle road. A car going at 25km/h is much safer than me with bicycle (105kg) at 45km/h. the mother of the child is an idiot! never move the victim if you suspect any injury! you could and will make things worse... Doesnt matter what the markings are ppl on bikes should be more careful, clearly its for BOTH bikes and pedestrians like cyclists are any better on the road... She has a broken leg? How fast was the cyclist going? Yes... cyclist always have priority, over cars, over pedestrians over the world... arrogants.... Pedestrains HAVE always priority,  specially if is a SHARED path.  Drive carefully, that was not the Tour de France!!!!  you are always requesting the same from car drivers with whom you are SHARING the streets... so if you demand something to the strong vehicles give also the same to the weakest """"obstacle"""" (nice way to call people) on your way... RESPECT!!...  I am not going to say anything else; because I have my opinion and it is kind of summarized here... Perhaps cyclists should acknowledge that there are kids about and adjust their speed it's 
hazard awareness . Hmm looks like we're going to need a roller blade lane too. This was yet again nobody's fault they both got hurt I have gotten hit by a car and the driver got mad at me!! (I was fine) but I yelled before he speed away this is nobody's fault then some old lady did not have to come out in the street and help me but she did I only needed a leg cast I have to wear it for 2 years I know it's crazy but I think it was my fault I accidentally went out in front of him I have seen this happen when my friends family and I were cycling. I'm Toronto Canada on the paths. Unfortunately the cyclist was at fault. Ambulances came the firetruck. The cyclist hit the woman causing her to become unconscious and bleeding. but sometimes there is no sidewalk so you have to use the bike lane but it is just polite and I always do this but to move to the side for the cyclist Is that a dedicated pedestrian footpath just a metre or so away?
If so, this makes it even more strange that people are walking on the cycle path. It's simple....SLOW DOWN zielig Frenchies....... you can see the side walk on the left side of the hedges... No it's be aware at all times of pedestrians in any area.  You dumb idiot. The mother was screaming at that cyclist for no fucking reason. It was her own fault for not taking good care of her daughter, this is the result. the title should be pedestrian hits cyclist xD Whoever filmed this is a horrible c*nt im lucky that in south Wales you can get pretty much anywhere on our cycle network while keeping off the roads, but 99% of them are shared with walkers. everyone hasa responsibility to look out for each other. Slow down for bends, use a bell or call out if in doubt and slways be prepared to stop. It's a bike lane not the cyclists fault How did she break her leg by gettin hit by a bike. moral of the story, ring ya bell well in advance and still use common sense when cycling near people the kid was propably had nothing broken she was just crying but it must be big shock when you are on your bike and some child just get in your way and you must say that the lady that hit the kid was (from look ) more hurt she lose her shoe Oh geezus her leg! Poor kid. I feel bad for both people honestly, the biker was just riding then hit someone but they're not supposed to be there anyway!!!!!!!!
^O^ The moral of the story is cyclists should stick to the road
where all the other traffic goes.
pedestrains should stay on the path.
simples Why the fuck would you walk there as a kid?? Adults are still OK but children like that do not look at the cyclists. 1)There is a sidewalk right next to this bike path and a footpath on the other side.
2)If you're going to take the stupid decision to still walk on the bike path, be cautious of the cyclists. Remember that you have to share it. 

I know this place and it is indeed problematic. Many pedestrians act as if they were alone on the bike path. They take all the place and don't leave any place to overtake them. You have to shout to make them move. That's not normal. When pedestrians walk the bike path, bicycles should use the road and cars drive on the foot path... problem solved.
 But serious, I installed a second bike bell, which rotates on the rim of my front wheel, making a hell of noise. Even better would be an air horn, makes them jump into the bushes. It's the pedestrians fault for walking on a """"Bike Lane"""" can't they read? Regardless of the rules of the road in whichever country, whether or not a pedestrian should or should not be walking on a cycle path, if you are cycling and are crossing the path of a pedestrian, especially young children, slow down and be ready to stop...the cyclists in this video are passing far too quickly and in the majority of cases, if a cyclist hits a pedestrian, no matter where they happen to be walking, the cyclist is at fault.
Pedestrians are more vulnerable than cyclists, just as cyclists are more vulnerable than cars...let this be a lesson to  people to look out for each other, and minimise the risk of injury by riding responsibly Fk that women it's her fault and she still shouts at the cyclist shitty fk no buddy the moral off the story is open your stupid eyes and have some commonsense and what is commonsense you ask? kids are unpredictable and sporadic in their movement so slowdown.
if we would follow your idea then when a cyclist is getting effed up by a car we would say stay off the road and use bike lanes.........  see shit dont make sense...... Mother- today kids i will teach you how to be a fucking idiot.(Walks in bike lane)Biker- Ahhh! (Hits kid)Mother- HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING!Biker- it's your faultMother- NO IT'S YOUR FAULT EVEN THOUGH IT WAS CLEARLY 100% MY FAULT! I HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL Biker- well i hope your child dies.Mother- YOU ARE SUCH A CRUEL HUMAN BEING!Biker- Well at least i am not stupid. Is like oh son  do you watch it?
What I have to watch mother?
ONE BiKE ROAD BRO!!I don't like pedestrian road I like more the bike road son
and then... the bike hits your son...
Sry my bad english It doesn't matter if it's a bike lane, walkers or joggers anyone without a vehicle always has the right of way bikers don't vehicles don't motorcycles don't they do not u dumbass, when ur on a road designed for cars do people run you over no u have the right of way and now they do Even on shared paths, a lot of parents have no idea what their kids are up to, and most of them don't even have their own kids under control. At all times, I just slow down for kids. In this case, it wasn't a shared path, and it is very hard to blame the cyclist, and I can't really blame it all on one person either because I didn't eyewitness the event... Ride safe! And walk safe??? I'm telling you the guys walking on that path. I've probably had close to three close calls on that exact path by the old port, two of which were kids jumping in front and away from my bike as a joke. It's a beautiful path but the people walking on it is a joke. It's gotta be hard to be a cyclist """"and i'm riding on a road lane in montreal""""

""""yet cyclist are riding on the road lanes""""

""""clearly this is reserved for vehicles only""""

as you can see, these cyclists are obstacles""""

""""what's the morale of story?""""

""""as a cyclist you are putting yourself in a danger and putting drivers in danger""""

""""sadly it was cyclist who had to get hurt that day""""

i'm just trying to show how car drivers would feel like when it happens to them Moral of this story is:Dont be french. Be someone else.  Hahahaah fucking hate pedestrians!a while ago there was a whole groupe standing on de bike path, instead of making room they just looked at me and i needed to stop for those jerks!!!i wanted to ride into them i swear god, next time i don't stop and will say: learn it the hard way bitches i dont care anymore!!! Stupid people walking on the bike paths. moral of the story, DEFENSIVE DRIVING !! Little girl deserved it wish she cracked her skull Really it's not his fault for you walking in a bicycle lane going slow helps but when the zone is intended for a Cyclist you don't get to say look at what you have done when you should not of been there and even if you pay the utmost attention to your surroundings others may not thus creating the crash speaking from experience offcourse. I myself have been in this exact problem my suggestion to all Cyclist treat everyone you come across as a total dumb ass who don't know what there doing & you'll get into less crashes assuming you're following the rules of the road. i hope the mother got arrested our something I hit an old lady who stepped out in front of me onto the road when I was on my bike a few weeks ago, after we both picked ourselves up I asked her if she was ok, she said she was fine but walked away limping, I stopped her to check again that she was ok but she told me not to worry about her limping because she was just recovering from being hit by a motorbike a few weeks before, after she stepped out in front of it into the road !!!! Some people never learn ! Simple -  dont ride so fast like an idiot even on your cyclist route because there are CHILDREN about so it does give right to be knocking people over ! Younthink you are the centre of the universe with your push bikes and everyone has to see you, well you are not! You are dangerous to everyone on the roads and off them! how hard is it to stay on one fucking side and make sure your kids do the same? she wasn't taking care of a class of kids..... ignorant people It doesnt matter who the lane is intended for, you cant just hit people and it be ok. Slow down! Your logic would mean its okay for cars to hit people who cross the street or cyclists who don't follow the street laws too. Don't be a douche bag, slow down and watch were you are going! Now you know how the drivers of vehicles feel with you cyclist twats on the road. and don't cycle on footpaths Bitch you had your little brats running rampage on a cycle lane! What do you expect to happen?! Control your kids! Lol, this is really something! A cyclist complaining about people using a """"bike"""" path only! You're funny ! And a jerk,I also ride a bike but some of you morons are half the problems the rest of us cyclists are given a bad name,lol why do kids cry all the time???
 ill just get mad! its time cycling becomes a sport only. grow up get a car Cyclists, or as I like to refer to them - donors; need to understand that they are anathema to all. You are too slow for roads and too fast for pedestrians. You are a current fad and when enough of you die or sufficient of you kill you will be regulated and this will kill the fad. Meanwhile, we are watching you.Yours sincerelyYour friendly coroner Pedestrians always have priority over any vehicle. As a driver you have to factor in the daftness of people walking in front of you. Good job it was not my little girl, the cyclist would have been pulling thath bike out of thrir butt hole. i'm not from that side of the world but the pavement stopped indicating it was for cyclist only, so its only practical that if  i see a safe pathway i walk on it and in my part of the world a lot of these types of pathways are shared between cyclists and pedestrians You cycling idiots stay off the streets ,for cars,same rule applies I didn't see any bike cycle folks being courteous or careful. That moment wen u realize u in bike lane the girl deserved it It's like walking in the middle of a motorway with your family and then when someone gets hit, going """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?! YOU HORRIBLE HUMAN BEING!"""" That's why I love Germany, If you get hit in the bike path it's your fucking fault It's the same here in leeds. They've just spent a fortune creating cycle lanes and idiot people walk in them all the time.
I don't cycle slowly,.sooner or later I'll hit someone, hope I don't get hurt 😉 Funny that no one commented on the Dad in pink did nothing at all to take charge of the situation...another pussywip, no balls type. Its ok hitting pedestrians into bike lanes, obviously it's the kid's fault

guess it's alright runnig over cyclists on the road and also put the blame on them Stupid people they shouldn't be walking in a BIKE ZONE!!!!!!! stupid fucking people there are retards out of america thug brother crying bc his sister got her leg broken? lmao VERY IRRESPONSABLE PARENTS ... DONT BLAME THE CYCLIST Some people The moral of this story is that if is doesn't look like a road, people will not expect to encounter vehicles on it. If anything the visual cues say the opposite, since cycle parking is on the other side of the hedge. There may be one set of road markings, but what about all those side entrances? A pedestrian could presumably get onto this 'pathway' without ever encountering the signs. you got brakes...use them lol don't yell at the cyclist when they were on the right side and you weren't. common sense people. common sense. 0:55 Yep thats definitely broken. Poor girl unless their is a line outlining its a bike lane then its a shared path very poorly marked bike path...the sanctimony might have some merit if the path was decently marked. Shame there is no more give and take in society. Personally speaking pedestrians, cyclists and vehicles should be separated but this will never be totally possible.
I agree with the chap that said people think they have their 'rights' and forget any common sense. With rights go responsibilities e.g. acting responsibly when cycling near people walking.
I was almost killed 20 years ago by a cyclist missing me by a whisker on a zebra crossing in England. I called him an arrogant fucking cunt, I had the right of way and he could not give a shit about my safety. All I can say to you old boy (if you are still alive old chap) is that all the really bad cyclists end up as a pile ash in your local crematorium. +1 for resting calm AND calling the police not standing around doing nothing! Her bike sorry tbh feel worse for her cus it wasn't even her fault and she got blamed for it I'd pick up his bike first fs this gets on my nerves! ! :/ Funny enough, in America bicycles are considered """"vehicles"""" and regardless of it being a bicycle path, if they hit a pedestrian it's their fault, just as it would be their fault for hitting a pedestrian on the street. Wrong!  The moral of the story is that a child has the right of way even if that child was walking down a freeway.  All vehicles slow down \  stop until that child is moved off of the road.  Plus, there is no bike lane labelled on the path.  There was at the very beginning, but not anywhere near where the child was hit.  When pedestrian traffic increases, bicycles need to slow down.  If I was the father of that child, the cyclist (if riding too fast or just not giving a shit), I would put in the hospital.  And I am an avid cyclist!  All children should be kept safe and everyone should contribute to keeping them safe.  Even when the child is in the wrong.  Rip into the parents.  The parents do need to control their children, but that is the parents fault, not the child's.  I would rather have the cyclist ram into me a 100 times than to have any of my children struck by anything.  People who think their rights are more important than a child's health \ safety needs a severe beating.  Anybody who disagrees with what I just wrote needs to be taken out of society and isolated in a 6 foot by 6 foot cell. They are fucking lucky there's Health care i think common sense and a bell is needed here he could have let them know she was there not just plough into them and say they were in my lane I crash this morning hitting 3 people and I was in my bike lane Cyclists should have their own lane If you people walking on the road you slow your car down, or you may have to stop your car.. Why would you not slow your bike down if you see people in a bike only path?> And cyclists don't ride on footpaths! Cycle a bit slower and avoid hitting pedestrians. Wow, so ahhh how's that feel? people going much slower than you all up in your way slowing you down, taking up your time when you need to be somewhere, putting you & your possessions in danger? Moral of my story, welcome to motorists world cyclists. The fucking mother should have the child with her and Stop fucking blaming SHE DESERVES THAT FOR JUST RUNNING IN THE PATH Just stop riding bikes near pedestrians you moron! it's only sad a little girl broke her leg due to adults , alway's the weak who pay's the price ... hoping the girl heals well  .... What's the moral of the story? Riding bikes in France is dumb. All these people are dickwads. Or for that matter, bicycle on a roadway.  Hopefully bicyclists see this and understand how ignorant they are being for doing this exact same thing to motorists on roadways.  No decency from either group, just a sense of entitlement (or plain ignorance). I am cyclist and I have to side with the pedestrian, the marking are not clear and they are meaningless to a child. With that many people about I would say cycle with caution and at a safe speed. I cycle on a mixed use path all the time. Yes, there are pedestrians (and sometimes horses) on the trail, and that means you slow down for them. You don't run over them. For that matter, I cycle on the streets, and yes, there are sometimes pedestrians walking down the center of the street or playing games in the street. What they are doing isn't legal, but I slow down for them anyway. its bad :(, and everyday,in middle east,childrens' are screaming under the guns,rockets and war planes. think it. its not a path for walking its that simple that was a bike lane only and the mother was asking """"how could you do such a thing????""""  Perhaps the parents need to go back to school and learn to read!!! There's literally a sidewalk next to the bike path!!! people can walk on a bike lane,but if you go slower,and carry a whistle or horn,most will respect your way,but this cameraman was going at full speed,imagine encountering someone from the bushes,here in NYC they dont allow cyclists to ride on Boardwalks,,,,,but this passageway is withing a park It is the pedestrians fault it is clearly a bike lane Lol at the brother crying Lol people are stupid In Italy have opposite problem, bike NEVER use bike paths.... Luckily in Amsterdam nearly everyone knows that if you walk on a bycicle path, you are already dead. ;) I wish I new if she jumped out of way of something and into cyclist path
either way cyclist should have slowed down near people and use brakes to not hit her but people should definitely not walk in riding area I know how this feels bike trails in canyon have people all over them and when your coming down hill next to a cliff when all of. a sudden there is a dog and a bunch of people it is very irritating when there are hiking trails but they choose the more narrow and dangerous bike trails wish people would use common sence and realize in bike trails there will be bikes going way to fast to stop on a dime
I mean come on there is even a designated start and finish so bikers don't hit each other but people walk finish to start on a bike trail I can't think of very many summer ideas 

this was a combination of cyclist not slowing down or braking and pedestrians fault for walking were a bike could go the same speed as a car especially on a road bike What do you mean how could you do such a thing??!! Bitch your little child was probably running around like an idiot not looking and the bicycle came and hit her,so dont act like it was on purpose,accidents happen. good thing they got two kids, with parenting like this, they're bound to lose one. cuz why would you use a sidewalk when there's a bike path? People can be stupid sometimes like the parents were yelling at the cyclist saying """"how can u do such a thing"""" when u can just simply not walk on the bicycle street cuz they are blaming the person who broke the daughters leg and it's actually their fault for walking on the bicycle street xDDD fails. Now you know how we feel when you morons are in the middle of the road. That's right. Don't walk on bike paths. Use the railroad tracks to walk down. That is not marked cyclist only. It is made for both. The markings tell you where to approach the intersections and what to do. We have the same markings here. I don't give a toss about the theoretical rights and wrongs in this case. The cyclist is a mothers lips and doesn't belong in a civilised society....end of...cyclists rights (or otherwise) are meant to exclude simple patience and humanity? That kids leg is not broken! Give it a rub. You see where those markings ceased to exist? Thats where your bike path vanished along with your perceived right of way! Oh all you cyclists on your cycle lanes, you have to slow down for the unpredictable pedestrians, you are the one controlling the machine! Before you kill someone!!! Now swap cyclists with driver, cycle lanes with roads, and pedestrians with cyclists, here we are, I call this a double standard. Yeah, bikes paths are only for non-motorized vehicles... over dramatic girl, she is fine. I ran over my sister with a bike before, she was fine and tried to beat my ass for it. Typical cyclist.   Cycling faster than he can stop for the conditions....Slow down  there are no prizes to be won stupid kid Problem is this path is only clearly marked on the opening. They should be continuously marked and even then cyclists should ride slower than on the road. Wont blame anyone though I didn't see anything. biker doesn't deserve to be treated like that, mother deserves that shit, makes me want to meet the mother and tell her that's shes a bad influence and a shit mother who doesn't know common sense!! To be fair, if you don't know the area and you just enter the path from the side, you completely miss the arrows and marks at the beginning. There should be a line drawn in the middle, splitting it and more signs. The fact there are bikes on the left side in the other direction just makes it even more complex. Fact is, both sides should watch out and lower speed and use the ringer. This is one of those cluster fucks where the local government fucked up in providing secure roads. why are ppl so fucking self entitled?  if you see children on a bike path wheather they should be there or not SLOW THE FUCK DOWN children are unpredictable. if  a kid was in the middle of the road would you just run them over and say """"shouldn't of been there"""" or """"i didn't have a choice"""" 
common sence and a little patience would avoid so many accidents. Bicyclists and motorcyclists are the most annoying douche bags on this planet. its funny that you whine about people walking in the bike lane yet you cyclists love to ride on the roads """"reserved"""" for cars. hahahaha stupid french You want the pavement you want the road.... don't want the responsibility however ... same city same situation except it's in the road and you are not the dominant force in montion oh how the situation is different.... at least for every one of these poor children getting hit on a pavement 10 of you morons get knarled under a bus. Maybe we should equip our children with walking go pro cameras also. I had an accident by the people in the lane. That's not a joke, a bicycle accident is like any other accident. When I had the accident I received all the injuries , I broke my collarbone , just to dodge a girl, I changed of lane and I crashed with other cyclist. it's there fault for being on the bike lane How the crap do you break your leg from a bike dum retards on the bike path it's the girls fault but no one cared the person who was riding the bike was limping it's a little girl so what for all I care she can break her whole body The mom was a bitch, she acts as if it was the cyclists fault that she hit the child. """"How could you do such a thing?!"""" Well how could you do such a thing as to walk with your child in the bike lane bitch. Tbh she probably deserved. A little girl in tangerine is always a sign. They are actually working for the French just for that reason. Cycles should be on the road... """"Dont walk on bike paths""""?

No, the moral is, watch where you're going and slow right down around children, you fucking idiot!

(Or, when a car driver hits you on the road, were you just an obstacle to them?)

CONSIDER the vulnerable road users you share space with, even if they shouldnt be there. I thought pedestrians are allowed on bike paths. I'm not sure where this video is, but I live in Atlanta, Georgia. I've been on many bike paths, and the rules always state how cyclists and pedestrians should share the path. I've never seen a bike path where pedestrians were not allowed. But maybe they exist. It just looks like in this video, it's an obvious path for cyclists AND pedestrians. I find it hard to believe all those people and their children are out breaking the law and being somewhere they should not be. Pedestrians have the right of way. Not cyclists. It seems to me that there is a global rule regarding the rules of the road and the rights of cyclists, which is: I ride a bicycle so can pick and choose any rule to suit myself at any time. If another living, breathing human (or animal) gets in my way I have the right to SMASH INTO THEM without any remorse or consequence, as I am a 2 wheeled GOD, so fuck everybody..... I love human logic. """"Bikes don't deserve to share the road, get off our road!!"""" ...but.... """"everyone is allowed to be on cycling paths, what are you thinking?!?"""" Double standards ftw I know this wasn't right but I felt sorry for that poor little girl like cyclists don't ride on the footpaths.....derrrrrr! And that ignorant stupid mother yells at cyclist like it was hers fault.
Stupid woman. Any normal person would slow down around pedestrians, especialy children. and why would you call the police??? how about checking on the little girl, maybe an ambulance??? Most cyclists are incredibly nasty pieces of work. Stupid bitch was obviously going to fast considering the number of pedestrians on the walking/bike path. I love how this POS thinks the path is for bikes alone. Slow down A hole people saying it's the cyclists fault yet maybe the little girl was walking in front of her parents then tried to run around to get in front or beside them but the point is I don't think it's anyone's fault honestly Blame the parents... Si le monde veux marcher sur la voie des cyclistes au moins marcher sur le côté droit Moral of the story. Slow down you fuckwits! In my city, pedestrians are allowed on the bike paths, which doesn't bother me as I'm usually the only one for miles on the paths. If there are people I usually just give them a warning whistle and they move out of the way, even the dogs are easy to get around! Now the real difficulty is young children. There is typically a usual race that has a few of these on a bike path at once, never paying attention to where they are as they unpredictably run around in both lanes of the path. I usually have to come to a standing stop until the parents yell """"¡Fuera de la manera"""", then I get to start my ride again. Not a big deal as I'm usually blessed with lonely bike paths, just figured I'd share how it goes on over here. I really have to take some footage of cyclists on pedestrian only paths in front of where I work.  There are ignorant pedestrians, and there are also ignorant cyclists.  Really, it's just about stupid humans doing stupid human things.  Love and kisses to all of you. xxooxx I then cyclist should not ride on the fucking road same can be said you cyclist must be such shit riders that you can not avoid a pedestrian or slow the fuck down what's the fucking hurry idiot am i the only one who thinks this is really funny? poor brother I felt bad it musuve hurt and u know how her brother will fell alone without a sister and good thing Jesus was here to save her life It's a bike lane,  same applies with a road..don't walk on the fucking road if you don't want to get hit by a car..
Natural selection, huh not that clear it was a bike lane apart from at the start of the lane - bikes should be mindful of pedestrians as there all around you or are you blind Well thats what happens when you make your child wear crocks Stupid ignorant people It's the parents fault, it's called a bike lane for a reason. They have no one to blame but themselves for their daughters injury. they are walking on the bike lane and they say how could you do such thing? 😐 If most of you posy deluded half witted idiot cyclists drove like that on the roads with cars then perhaps there would fewer of you....But then I can only wish After listening to all you fuckwits, here's the deal. I've read all your comments and you are undoubtedly the most arrogant shits. Firstly you are riding a machine with enough speed and velocity to maim or kill. It is your DUTY to be a responsible adult s and its NOT good enough to behave like petulant shits. When riding on the road you have a duty of care to act for yourself and others. You have very few rights and many responsibilities. You should be aware, as any road user, that cars or pedestrians may move or act impulsively and moderate your speed accordingly. Clearly you do not have exclusive rights to these paths, yes, paths. Any pedestrian has a right to expect other users to act proactively to prevent accidents. You are all acting as if you are all special. You are NOT. 99 percent of you have no respect when it comes to your legal and moral expectations, including all of the following. No lights at night at all. Riding with out the ability to hear other road users (earphones ) Not respecting any road laws, wrong way down no entry, riding on sidewalks. Not looking. I'd be glad to see more of you morons squashed like road kill. There said and done. this is why running over cyclists is ok.  when they are in places they shouldn't be.. hit them. Does a blind man have any rights at all.   Or is it ok to mow him down for waking on a piece of Tarmac the government makes an ACT up to say cyclists can pedal their metal there.   

GOD is watching all of us.  & I figure that human on a bike goes to hell. 

I home some semi mows you down.  Because after all your in his Tarmac. What so if a child is in the road you'd knock her down in a car Because she's in lane, If a cyclist hit my daughter......I would do time inside for you.   Trust me I'd break both your arms & break ever tooth in you jaw. 

Would you run over a cat, or a dog too.     How sbout a bird.

Just as well you don't drive. Humans can walk where they like.     If you attack me on your bike I'm honing to batter you. """"Now break yo legs!"""" oh gezz is the girl ok The next time a cyclist gets hit by a car! The moral of the story is stay off the road!! why do people keep blaming the cyclist? The parents are in the wrong for walking on a bicycle lane path. it is like walking in a middle of a road and getting hit by a car. who would u blame? the driver or the person walking in the middle of the road? the country built a bike path for a reason. it is to ensure safety in roads and sidewalks so that human do not get hit by bicycle or bicycle wont get hit by cars.  So moral of the story DO NOT WALK ON BIKE LANE OR MIDDLE OF THE ROAD. WALK ON SIDEWALKS THAT WAS MADE FOR YOU I have a bike path next to my house, ironically to get to the public park you have to use the bike path. I have taught my 3 year old how to walk to the side of the path so the bikes have plenty of space, its not that hard to keep an eye on your child. This child was probably running in front of the cyclists and her mother probably didn't care until she got hurt. ...and bicycles are on the pavements/sidewalks all the time -or any time it fits them. oh, its a cycle lane? we dont give a shit! APPROACH WITH CAUTION ANY OBSTACLE and RIDE WITH CARE AND ATTENTION

fuckwit on a bike By the way, that was on them. for gods sake its for bikes only!!! Mom: """"how could you do that?!?!"""" """"Ummm how about you rush her to the hospital and find a fluffin sidewalk!!!"""" yes I know she broke her leg, but seriously. Entitled Man-Child.....how dare they walk in your path ,  slowing down for them is obviously out of the question ......... the corollary to this would be; there's a reason why cyclists shouldn't ride in traffic Where I live there is a spot kinda like that but the footpath is right by the bike path but people still walk on the bike path when it is labeled bikes only & the footpath has no one on it. Just stupid. It is sad that the girl broke her leg but I don't have much sympathy for the girls parents. they are so stupid iam. me so angry People in developed society are so focused on having their rights, that they sometimes forget common sense... Bike belong in parks. Not on streets or places people walk. Even if the is a bike lane. You people are annoying and a nuisance. shouldn't they not be in a bike lane idiots I was riding on a bike path and there was a family walking and I swerve trying not to hit the little boy but I ran over his toes and I ended up flipping over the handle bars and almost getting hit by another biker. But I got yelled at for running his foot over if the cyclists would just slow down to walking speed all users of the path could live and travel in peace and harmony! My mom lived in Germany for a couple years waaaay back in the day before butt hurt and entitlement existed as it does today. She decided to walk on a bike path IN GERMANY. She learned real quick why you stay off the bike path because she got hit by a cyclist. At least back then if you are walking on bike path and you get hit, you're the idiot . Sucks the girls leg got broken but the mother and father should not have taken them and their children walking on the bike path. 100% preventable. The girl most definitely did not deserve that. stupid cyclist twats The people in the lane were stupid. They didn't know the area. Nor they were a line indicating it. fuck cyclists LMAO lets take a moment to look at the moral of the story. """" don't walk on bike paths""""   hhmmmm.   take your own advice, don't ride your damn bike in the street. you are an obstacle and in the way. and they should nt bike on the road....same shit This is why we shouldn't share roads, for it has shown time after time that it doesn't work.  The cyclist decide to ride in the middle of traffic of all times throughout the day when people are not in the best moods, and pedestrians really don't pay attention at all.  Especially children.  I blame the cyclist on this one, for kids are always unaware of their surroundings, and there is a road where no one is walking. The girl how run the kid over wasn't exactly in the wrong and the dumb mother should have relised that before speaking and letting her kid walk their in the first place ignorent people learned lesson ...the problem is they dont realise it.....this mother put her daughter in danger and should get fined over it ..she should pay all medical bills from people involved in this accident ... you don't know how it happened moral should be slow the fuck down around kids, they are unpredictable, bicyclist should be charged with assault imo. I disagree Pedestrian are first, not matter they are walking in the cycles lane. I am a cycler too, but they are more exposed to damages than us in a bike. it's the pedestrian's fault because they should have not been on the bicycle lane Fuck all cyclists. I had a similar situation happen to me. Get a fucking cars you idiots! Cyclists are pure evil. All of them. Cycles need to slow down before one of them kills a child. no, the moral of the story is be careful and don't be an ass while riding your bike it doesn't matter, the bicyclist is still at fault, hope he goes to jail for hitting little girl are they suppose to walk on pedestrians roads not cyclists roads Fuck you and your French city I was on a bike path with my cousin riding our bikes. there is clearly a walk path next to the bike path. the funny is we told this person taking up the path to get on the walk path and they told us to piss off Yes, cycle lanes are primarily for cycles, just as roads are primarily for motorised vehicles. But there is nothing to stop you being on the roads, just as there is nothing to stop pedestrians being in a cycle lane. You should be able to stop in the distance you can see to be clear, wherever you are and whether you're driving, cycling, running or walking. It's YOUR responsibility as a cyclist not to hit pedestrians, just as a car driver doesn't have the right to mow down cyclists on the road. Maybe the french can't read french??anyway Canada,s British isn't it,part of the commonwealth,,these french seem to forget how we saved them, People are so careless. I had a guy crossing right in front of me on a bike path. He was doing that thing where you anticipate the path of the vehicle, and position yourself barely out of the path, just so you can cross just a few seconds faster, but since it was at a bend, it forced me off the path at 20mph.
Should hit that cunt dead-on. Teach him. moral of the story is also, Bikes should stay off the roads and side walks. Super fucked up for the little girl! Pitty on the mother. is this Montreal? Too bad she didnt die. Bet that woulda talk her dumbass to get outa the way """"These pedestrians are obstacles"""" at the speed you were riding, they are targets. In most countries pedestrians have priority whether it is a 'bike lane' or not as other people have said ride at a defensive speed. The mother should not have picked up the girl if her leg was broken she could cause further injury to blood vessels in the leg, although judging by the age of the child it would have been likely to be a young bone """"greenstick"""" fracture.
What is the moral? Give pedestrian a wide birth and slow down. Bike lanes don't give cyclists the right to bully pedestrians who happen to be in their way. I get the video, but look how small those are sometimes, plus I have seen ones where it joins into one path... Personally I think its set up is shit, there should be one for path and one for bike. Or at least a bar between lanes... So annoying. I feel for the cyclist lady. The mother should be ashamed You know you right there were people walking in the bike lane here. But there were also bikes on the walk lane as well? Stupid French tourists. lolllllll No such thing as a considerate cyclist. Self important bunch of twats, all of them. Moral of story:  You are required to yield to pedestrians even if they are walking on your precious bike paths Danm I think they should call it even cause they where on the bike lane but danm that girl broke her leg And people wonder why Saudi Arabia  banned women from driving lool I once went round into a walking lane to avoid hitting a boy... he then shouted at me like i was an idiot for not being in the cycle lane -.- his mum didn't say a word.
this happens so much; people walking with headphones in and theres me ringing my bell thinking what an ignorant twat till i pass and see the ear buds. if it was a girl that was 23 years old she wouldn't have been crying...come on people its not that bad its not like you live a life with no pain what so ever 😂 fact If my child or sister was hit by a cyclist I would beat the face off of the cyclist. your the one on the machine you the one responsible Montreal rocks! I hate bicyclists, rude fuckers think they own the streets, sidewalks, and trails. The moral of the story is nobody likes cyclist and they are cunts. They always block the road for everyone, even for cars. Lol the brother is crying Becuase his sister broke her leg loooooool """"How could you do such a thing?""""
How could you be such a bad parent? Common sense of the fucking road Hits her at 1Mph SHEES DYING HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING LOL Fucking dumb ass child and her family want to blame it on that poor lady but yet it's the fucking biker lane not the pedestrian walk lane dumb ass people It's not the parents or the kids fault
How many times do cyclists say that drivers should be more aware now they're saying pedestrians be more aware -Oh and the cycle lane is not solely for cyclists or they would be barriers or kerbs it's about time cyclists actually took some responsibility for their own actions and stop blaming others and adapt to the environment they're cycling in its obvious there was children around the idiot should have slowed down and cycled with care probably another pious dick head who thinks all cyclists are right and everyone else is wrong ffs people might think im insensitive but I know plenty of people who broke there legs when they where younger its a shame but these things happen ive be hit by a car and a push bike and the car driver didn't stop screaming at me but the push bike didn't stop apologising even though the car driver was in the wrong and the biker was in the right To the parents there is a walk lane and a bike lane walk in the walk lane and this unfortunate accident wouldn't of happened Im sorry if I make anyone angry with this reply but this is what I think comment if u dislike my comment or if you agree :) hope the kid is alright Why are little girls always getting hit fight bikes Ironically, the same goes for bikes that like to ride out in the middle of the road in high speed roadways, or up on the sidewalks when it suits them ignoring the stop signs and lights. I don't want to have hitting someone on my conscience, when I get mad and honk I am not trying to be an ass, but instead am angry you almost put me through taking a life. Most cyclists are pretty good about it, but it seems like others have absolutely no regard for their own lives. Fucking cunts, hopefully they learned something. It's fair. im a cyclist i see loads of people walking in the cycle lane its soo anoying. Also dogs without leads are anoying. that ugly bitch. its just as well she does not drive a car. The Pedestrian probably got a ticket for walking where they don't belong plus cyclist has right away on a path You hit a child. Your a Monster. Bikes are vehicles and they belong on the road with other vehicles. There are not enough pedestrian pathways and a person who is riding a bike is driving a vehicle and therefore is so pose to watch out for pedestrians and this lady in-which did not. People in Salt Lake city Utah do not care who ride bikes. The bike riders in Salt Lake City Utah do not care because they ride their bikes down the side walks. should have picked the whiney bitch up and thrown her in the bushes good that will teach her a lesson bikes only Dumb ass parents... Fucking annoying.. the mother blamed that cyclist although it is her own dumb fault because she was not watching her kid.... logic? there is no markings where little girl was hit! who ever was riding must of been going to fast! and the mother should of been looking out! either way cyclist is in the wrong!!! Ummm pedestrians have right of way whether on the pavement, roads or cycle paths. If a vehicle hits a pedestrian on the road it's the drivers fault. Why the hell do you think it's any different for cyclists on a cycle route? Oh wait, sorry I forgot, cyclists are always right and never arrogant twat's. I hope the Cyclist was properly punished by the law as a driver would have been. And only cyclists would blame the mother and child. For once will cyclists grow up and take some responsibility. Shouldn't be on the fucking bike path then The moral is fair enough, but cycle paths should have speed limits. The speed you were going on that small width of path!!! looked really fast! cycling slower and i reckon that little girl wouldnt have been on the floor crying! It's amazing how many of these cyclist confrontation/collision videos there are. Don't ride on the road then?! Poor child! if you aren't riding TOO FAST then this doesn't become a problem. I hope the poor innocent ting is OK. Please bike riders, BE CAREFUL and SLOW down, for your sake and the people who's safety you jeopardize. """"How could you do this to her"""" at that point I would have stopped caring and continued on my way. no lanes were not always clearly marked and if people are walking slow down on your bike if there are hazards. you dont drive your car on the main rd at 60 just because it says so ride in acordance what is around you. It should've been the parent who shouldve broken her leg fucking stupid don't walk on BIKE LINES EASY AS THAT if it's acceptable for cyclists to hit little children, then it should also be acceptable for motorists to run over cyclists when they are on the road. I absolutely love parents who care more about boasting their own ego rather then their childrens health or safety. I also hit a pedestrian walking on the bike path here on California's central coast late last year.  People just don't realize that walking along a bike lane is dangerous and regard it as a sidewalk, which it isn't.  Of course, the woman I hit (who stepped drastically to the left without looking, into my path, and whom I had given plenty of space) said it was my fault and I should have had a bell.

So I reluctantly installed a bell on my otherwise un-fredded road bike and tried it her way.  Waddaya know, half the people walking on the bike path have headphones in, and the other half who can hear the bell either 1. don't understand that it means """"you are in the way, move to the right"""" or 2. gave me a death stare for daring to warn them of my approach.  And it's the same story with """"on your left!"""".  There's just no way to say it that doesn't get interpreted as """"outta my way!"""". It may be a cycleway, but respect for other people should apply here.  If you want respect and tolerance from other road users, then treat the them fairly too, Hitting a kid.  FFS basic stupidity, we all know kids are unpredictable. it has a bike symbol where you started the video... but where the crash happened (approx 200m away) there is no indication that its a bike path really. gtfo the bike lane or expect to get hit both party's are dumb you got kids and your riding fast and peaple that don't care to pay attention its like when y'all are in the street and never look before y'all cross Not his fault though That pisses me off, I am a cyclist and I deal with this a lot, the lady should've told her daughter to get out of the bike lane, then she blamed the rider for the accident, that takes some balls The cycle path should of being marked all the way along it. If someone has broken bone DON'T MOVE THEM!!!!! Drivers on your roads, pedestrians on your paths, you'll not be satisfied until motorised transport and ambulation are outlawed. Maybe we should just outlaw cycles and the rest of us will be safer :p There's a fkin sidewalk 1 meter away wtf. There is a pavement (sidewalk) right next to the bike path, if you are walking there, walk on that and not the bike path and things like this can be prevented the same reason cyclists should use cyclepaths and not roads maybe??? pedestrians always have the right ov way even over you douche cyclist. i take a bike path to wotl ever day there are two lanes on every bike  path. I really don't mind them walking there but I really  get mad when they take up the hole bike lane and don't pay attention. fucking cyclists typical arrogant cyclists going to fast knowing there is pedestrians on the path.

I would of knocked that cunt cyclist out I don't know the laws where this was filmed, but in the U.S, it is legal for cars to ride in the road, regardless of whether there is a bike lane or not (So, stop bringing that up, people!). It isn't illegal for pedestrians to be in the bike lanes, but the cyclists still isn't at fault here. When most (very important, MOST) cyclists are on the road, they follow the rules and don't ride erratically. If they do, then it becomes a problem and that's when accidents happen. The same applies to bike lanes and pedestrians. When children are running all over the bike lane, it's bound to cause accidents. Just walk and enjoy your scenery without running everywhere. All I'm trying to say is, if you're a cyclist, follow the rules. If you're a driver, follow the rules. If you're a pedestrian, follow the rules. im a cyclist and were guilty of riding in the wrong lanes too . as your clip shows many cyclists do it I disagree with the comment about peds on bike lane.
Yet peds need to walk on the side of the bike path instead of in the middle.(and only if no better facility available, like here)
A cyclist should have a bell to alert peds they are coming.
When cyclists is on peds lane he should slow down. Also when overtaking peds on a bike lane.
People should stop racing on the road and expect everything to be fine. 
Also if you are on the road, pay attention to what you are doing. Don't let you kids run around on the roads. 
It is about having some sense of responsibility. If you ignore this common sense you get hurt or hurt somebody else!! The first few seconds I could se the bike path clearly rest of the clip it seems to be just a path. No lines indicating a bike path. So i'm not so sure about this clip I wish the little kunts head would have got ripped off instead of her leg The moral is :
Dumb ass pedestrians AI.
they should work more on artificial intelligence of pedestrians in this game yo who else laughed when they heard the little girl crying? I love how you get so pissed of when people get on your bike lane. But yet you cyclists feel the need to get on the road like total dumbfucks and then we get pissed off at you and you get all defensive about it. BOTH the pedestrians AND the cyclist are in the wrong. Yes the pedestrians shouldn't be walking on a clearly designated bike lane, BUT...that doesn't mean the cyclists should be racing past them. Don't ride your bike so fast you fucking idiot Yet a again further proof that spandex causes mental retardation, you get on a public path and suddenly you think you can  ride at 40 plus KM per hour...... Time we made cyclist speed limits. 10- 15 km an hour would be an appropriate speed for a busy trail but the spandex clad retards all think they should go balls out and who cares about the kids. SHARE THE TRAIL ASSHOLES! Or get onto the road. the moral of the story: Slow the FUCK down bikers! even if you do have right of way!!! Stop if necessary! Cyclists!!

Our cycle lane is for no one but us.

But roads our also ours as well as paths.




fuck off cyclists. Arrogant ending. All the parents that say ''The Bike lane is safer'' NEED TO SHUT THE FUCK UP! """"There's a reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path, and this clip will tell you so.""""

Yep, just like there is a reason why you shouldn't ride your bike on the car path. It's her leg not her neck or spine Calm the fuck down Hmmm. Kind of how I feel about bikes in car traffic. Poor that girl but I almost run over my cat on my bike thanks God Bike lane or not, people WHERE walking the path, so slow the fuck down! Two wrongs don't make a right...... this situation occurs every day: you cycle, pedestrians block the whole way you ring, the make way, not very dangerous; other one: you cycle, there is enough space next to the pedestrian to cycle, you dont ring because you dont want to disturb them, a kid jumps right infront your bike; im 99% sure this is what happened; thats why i am driving extra slowly next to children, cause you cant predict what they do Lots of idiots around, cant read worth shit, and think bicycles dont follow the same laws has cars. Shoulda hit that bitch mother not the ltitle girl Tbh this is why I prefer riding on roads. I'm trying to force myself to stay below 10mph on any non-road area, even bike paths, because there's always the random pedestrian who wanders onto it thinking that both the sidewalk and bike path are for walking/running. Road works better, just ride defensively and don't be the dick slipping through traffic, talking on the phone, skipping stop signs, and generally pissing everyone off. kids on bikes arent any better Jesus. I got ran over by a motorcycle when I was 10, I didn't even cry. Grow some stones. If i was the CYCLIST , i was also subjected to go HOSPITAL due to broken bones xD Cause i love riding very fast :D Do they not have sidewalks in Montreal? Bikes aren't allowed on the sidewalks in Chicago which is why we get our own bike lanes. I doubt you would walk your daughter on to the Highway without expecting her to get hit by a car... clists mother fuckers GOOD JOB that kid deserved that hit, FOR BEING STUPID AND GOING TO THE WRONG SIDE GET REKT BISH KARMAAA TOO """"Tries to call Police"""" yet they are already there as you see about 2 secs earlier lol, I'm a cyclist The French really are pussies. In Iraq, I was run over by a bike when I was 5 years old. I just got up and kept walking. Didn't even say ouch. The fact is that the lanes are specyfied only at the entrance of the paths, in the middle there's no evidence of it. So if a pedestrian enters from a secondary access he virtually doesn't know there is such subdivision. And I talk as a cyclist. I think there's a big lack of road signs. First of all that girl didn't deserve that and the biker should pay attention to the surroundings. I hope the girl is back to 100% percent. 
 As a cyclist I only get hit by cars in the bike lane. I got hit by a car and went to the side walk to 'walk it off' and a man in his mid 20:s said that bikers should be on the road I told him I'm on the side walk because I'm terrified of the drivers sometimes. I ride as if I am invisible to traffic. Yet I get people accidently and believe it or not purposely hitting me with their cars. This and daily harassment from a head poping out the window slurring out every bad word and phrase possible. Being a biker takes a toll on people. If a biker is slowly cruising their bike on the side walk and is being very polite don't give them grief. We have to deal with ROAD RAGE and intoxicated drivers and abuse. For me its daily, DAILY! I do nothing to provoke!!! 

Chicago Illinois, DownTown area They got what was coming to them. HAHAHA  so people walking are  obstacles  because they go slower then you,  yet you go onto a raod where youare slower then a car and expect carts to avoid you?  Logic?   You cyclists are like elitist punks thinking  everything belongs to you.   Obey theroad signs until a stop sign is inconvient to you and you just blow past them.. people in serbia do this all the time...i hit 3 kids so far on bike lanes and i was to blame even tho the kid was running after a ball or something like that..... Better warning signs are need. The council needs to be prosecuted. Could have been avoided but nope, stupid people always do stupid shit which leads to people getting hurt, that biker shouldn't have been barked at it was their fault they were on the bike path, those morons. Because your sentiment infers that you have a right to ride dangerously in a cycle lane 
And if you cause injury or damage you somehow feel exonerated of any responsibility?
I'll remember that when in driving my 14 tonne truck on a duel carriageway 
Where your fucking cycle lane doesn't go Stupid french shit this!! Where that girl got hit there was nothing to show it was a bike lane!also about 10 seconds into the video bikes were riding on the left side towards that wasn't a bike lane.local council should mark bike lane ALL the way Down with a line divider and bike lane signs all the way down fuckin idiots Mixed use paths: crazy Canadians Who cares You should always ride to the conditions and situations, also the parents and kids should be considerate to other users of the pathway. The moral to the story is this: Dumb pedestrians should never walk on bike paths... when there are perfectly good high speed rail lines nearby for which they can walk upon. Selfish pricks.
I hope those adults got some jail time. All bikers should be hit by trucks I always slow down when i see any children or unaware pedestrians. Bikes are very silent, people can't hear them and mostly they change direction without looking and bam you hit a pedestrian. I hope the cyclist had no problems with this situation. It's called a bell. Ding it a few times on approach to silly pedestrians. It's the mothers fault, but god damn I fucking hate how cyclist think they own the entire fucking road and hog the shit out of it then bitch when people go on their paths. I see them on sidewalks all the time. Most self rightous bitchy entitled people ever. So annoying to be stuck behind a biker, then if you touch them lawsuit, they punch your car in anger no biggy. Slow mother fuckers. Yes there are cycle lanes on paths but cyclists should slow down and not treat as a fast lane !! 
I have seen cyclists on their lane going faster than cars on the road, how dangerous is that on a shared path ????
Also cyclists should me made to have insurance !!! If it is not safe to pass some kid who is wandering all over the bike path..... guess what folks,,, YOU DONT PASS THEM. People in the front have right of way over people in the back ( that is the rule) . The attitude of some of these pro-cyclists is shameful, assuming of course if they had any shame. Cyclist seem to have selective memory when I comes to the rules, Do any of you all know who has """"right of way"""" on a cycle path ? ....THE PERSON IN FRONT.  I know its a strange concept to require  a cyclist to avoid things right in front of there face but its more practical ( and safer) to not blame people for not having eyes in the back of there heads. Don't agree, bikers need to slow down or they might hurt little girls. The fuck?? Get your child out of the damn road!!!!!! Don't blame your shit on others what the fuck???!!! I've watched a few clips like these posted by cyclists and my only conclusion is that many cyclists are complete dicks.

Just because a lane is designated for cycles doesn't mean cyclists can ride like they are in the Tour de France. The lane was in an area shared by pedestrians and others. If cyclists want to cycle at speed do it on a road. I'm a cyclist, but I'm not sure I fully agree. Yes, in an ideal world, if pedestrians would stick to their side it'd make life a lot easier, but because that so rarely happens, I think, as cyclists, we should accept that we may have to go slower and take more care. Are these actually cycle only paths? in the UK we have things like this, they are shared cycle and pedestrian paths, you can ride but you have to ride at a reasonable speed and it's your responsibility to alert pedestrians with a bell if you're coming up from behind. It's a straight path can't see why the cyclist couldn't see the pedestrians. If you're cycling too fast and aren't paying attention to hazards ahead then you are being careless. Same rules for cyclists as it is for cars and I can't see why the cyclist should be absolved from blame Says them right for walking on a bike lane this is the problem with society today lol Cyclist and pedestrians should really be separated...  i see these all over and they are pretty dangerous. you're a dumbfuck, don't you know how to look out like YOU EXPECT drivers to look out for you? poor poor stupid people bad bad cyclists (feel the sarcasm pls) wow...there's even a sidewalk right there too... Its a biking path. Reserved for bikes. And that poor girl payed the price for her mother's stupidity. :( Poor little girl.  Gosh but her parents though....I feel so bad. The little brother started crying for his sister (rather shocked or is sad about it). Awwww. :(﻿ (Although I kind of feel bad for the cyclist, that wasn't his intention..OR WAS IT..DUNDUNDUN.) People are obstacles correct? So i guess a cyclist using the road when there is a cycle lane next to it, therefore holding up ROAD USERS who pay tax etc.. I guess they aren't an obstacles.. nope.. they're a fucking menace! so because its a bike lane doesnt mean you just bomb along and run someone over if in way . if your driving a car and theres a horse in the road you dont just fukin run it over you stop Some people are just thick And this is why people need to use their little brains and know a what a cycle lane is for, not for stupid people who think they have super powers and think they can walk on the cycle lane. 85000 + km cycling in Montréal for several years now never hit another person or vehicle.( oh my the close calls though ) It's how you chose to drive/ride. There are some drivers cyclists skateboarders pedestrians etc who are clueless and there will always be jerks on the road, no matter their means of travel.  If your on the bike path, expect um... bikes. As far as those narrows in the old port go, expect pedestrians, clueless and walking in a sideways line formation. C tu a mtl? Dumb ass omg ok its not like she is gonna die holy sh** ya it hurts but she will get over it and it clearly said at the beginning of the video cyclist only on the ground like it wasn't there fault its reserved for cyclist moral of the story? bad parent bad biker! = injured child... So I see people walking? Let's speed up huh? No respect for others safety. don't be so quick to jump to the blame game, I mean even weather plays a role. but with out seeing this fully happen, your main factors come to play, the childs carelessness & the biker skills or even a mix of both. But because of utube I am %100 sure im getting a bike and car cam to prevent horse shit blames and just smile And in Denmark 90% of the inbred fucking cyclists are driving on the sidewalks and roads. And NOT their own paths. Then complain when we punch them in the face. Should stick to the pavements. moral of the story? Never mind if it's a cycle route, when you see a family with small kids...slow down So if i drive over pedestrians with my car i can now tell to police that they are obstacles on the road..you know what i mean.... O please I get hert more riding Redbull rampage and I don't cry If that was my kid Id beat that fucker to death right on the spot with his own shoes. Fuck going to jail.
What kind of piece of shit runs over a littel girl??? I can't see a bike path where the accident happens! The simple and inescapable fact is that a lot of people are really very stupid and no matter how many rules and restrictions are put in place to protect them, they will still find a way to be somewhere they shouldn't be. also, don't cycle in motorist lanes This is why, when I'm walking, I tell people to stick to their walking path and not the biking one. I don;t feel bad... fucking assholes, walking on bike lanes when the sidewalk is just there please, how many times you see bikes on the streets, cars going around them and cyclist think they have the right away. my friends carried a broom in the car for idiot cyclists on the street, they gently swept them off the road for their own safety. Idiot parents hey... both are sharing the path... anyone who thinks bicycles have exclusive right of way here is an idiot... pedestrians do, and will always, have the right of way over any other mode of transport... just be courteous and ride at a speed that is not only safe but able to respond to emergencies... and around little kids always give special attention to care... lets face it, most of us were kids once... but some are born asses who think their rights are above others. I almost broke my nose because of same idiotic pedestrians on the bike paths. That cycle path could have better ground markings, I only saw them at the beginning of the video. Pedestrians could easily stray on to the path and not realize they shouldn't be there, and with the bushes either side there isn't much chance of getting of it quickly. Moral of the story is, everyone just needs to be aware of everyone else and watch out! There are many non-thinking pedestrians, as well as many non-thinking cyclists, and motorists. Everyone just needs to be aware of their surroundings and pay attention, don't put yourself in an place where you might hurt others and watch your speed. We cyclists are responsible for our own actions, including taking it slowly when we know people do walk in cycle lanes. 8 seconds in and you say """"clearly a cycle lane"""" you're an idiot, at 8 seconds it is CLEARLY a cycle lane for about oh i dunno 20m? after that it just looks like a footpath to me, you may want to do something more productive and insist the council carry that yellow line for the duration of the cycleway and put frequent signs/marking on the path segregating the two areas cos for the next 2 minutes, its just a footpath That's her fault French. God damn French people....... Ok, sure, it's """"clearly"""" marked as a bike path ... but only at the beginning.  There are numerous opening for pedestrians to enter where it does NOT indicate that path is for bicycles only.

Cyclist always complain that motorist should be aware of them, but no cyclist every attempts to be aware of pedestrians.  Not to mention when they run through red lights and stop signs when pedestrians are crossing by zig-zagging through them. pedestrian in this video are wrong, what they are doing in fuck bicycle road?! I don't think that the moral is that simple.  If we agree with: Don't walk on the bike path, then we are adopting the position that the child deserved to be hit.  I think the lesson is to be careful, if people are walking in the bike lane, it doesn't matter if they shouldn't be there or not, go slowly around them and take care.  When I see a cyclist not obeying the rules of the road, I still drive carefully around them, because prick or not, I don't want to see them get hurt. Ride slowly in any public area!! cyclist is at fault Where the girl got hurt nowhere on the ground does it say bike lane it's one big sidewalk yes it said bike lane earlier but it doesn't say bike lane there at the accident so it is definitely the cyclists fault for not staying in the designated area Do not want to visit Montreal.  Bikes get a lovely green sided glade.  Pedestrians get to walk next to the dirty smelly cars! moral of the story, don't bike in streets. fuck bicyclists, they don't obey road rules so they can all die. same reason you bikes shouldn't ride on the street I understand that they were sad but it's just a. Broken leg and yet they were acting as if she died or something You guys need police for such an accident? What the fuck? My buddy got his arm broken due to such accidents when he was little like 5-6 times, no one ever called for police, I really dont get it. Why call the cops an ambulance is needed. Nothing the police can do you should notice people in the way and slow down same as a car. if a car sees someone walking on the road in there lane as they are allowed 2 do then you slow down as 2 avoid a collision. cycleists think they have more rights than anyone on the road the only thing not allowed in a cycle lane is a motor vehicle. you need 2 learn the highway code 2 cycle you are not imune or above the law. the lady should be held accountable for causeing injury. plus its a straight rode if you hit someone down there then you need 2 learn how 2 cycle.and your summary is pathetic and shows that you cause 90% of your own accidents.you were going way 2 fast for people being on the road also.the fact that it takes energy 2 speed back up again is not part of the highway code safty is. Stupid parents letting their child walk on bike paths. And then blaming cyclist. This happens here all the time. There are no proper cycle paths, but the sidewalks are usually divided into two lanes. Of course, pedestrians take up the whole sidewalk. I don't blame them, because this is not a proper solution for bikes. But if it has to be this way, they should be more aware of bikes. It happened to me this week that a group of kids were talking next  to such a sidewalk/cycle path. The one that was with her back to the lane took a step backwards, not even looking if there was someone. As I never speed on these sidewalks, I was able to stop, and nothing happened. But once I hit a pedestrian who stepped out from behind the bushes. Kids are the most dangerous, running errant. I am very sorry for the girl in the vid, but the French mom isn't right asking the cyclist how she could do that. It was not entirely her fault, whatever happened. Children have to be educated on watching where they are going in traffic, and yes, that means sidewalks too. Cyclists can stop on a dime if you're brakes are properly adjusted, and you should be very alert for people on a pathway such as that.   Who cares what the law says?  Just be a decent responsible courteous person, and you won't collide with others. I would hold the cyclist more responsible for this, then the pedestrians. Cyclist should be well aware that there is likely to be people on the pathway.  If he cares... then he should be careful of them. Why they are blaming the cysclist while the parents were at fault? Why are they panicking so much? What's the big deal? Just a broken leg, not like someone's life is at threat or anything. The mom is all offended saying """"What went through your mind?"""". I could ask her the same thing. A bicycle lane, tons of bikes and her little girl suddenly running in front of a bike... what went through HER mind?

I saw a few people argue about pedestrians having the right or not to be on a bicycle lane. Common sense would be to not go, especially with a child AND when there's a parallel lane for pedestrians. If you do decide to still walk there, for fuck sake make sure your kids know it's dangerous and do not run in front of a bike. Hold their hands if you have to.

I also read that idiot who said cyclists think they're kings of the road and go too fast... how stupid he is. In this case it wasn't some jerk cyclist going hyper fast. It was just a young lady on her bike, not going fast and who just couldn't avoid the child jumping in front of her. If you want to complain about speeding cyclists, the one wearing gay race outfits, then fucking find a better place to do so. It's irrelevant here. I feel bad for that bicycle....jk jk: ) Maybe the dumb bitch should have slowed the fuck down. Bike lane or not, she obviously was going too fast past a little kid. Too bad the biker didn't break her leg The other moral to the story is ride to the conditions. Yes it's a cycle path but is it worth running a kid over to prove a point? I know people can be annoying idiots on foot, on bikes, in cars etc. Why do you wanna call the police you have nothing to do with this scene. I hate such people The mother is a complete fool! I fell sorry for the little girl. For goodness sake! Not only is she in a bike path but she picks up her daughter! What a fool! Does nobody know the recovery position?! basic first aid! Jeez. And then she blames the cyclist! what a stupid woman, some people can't have kids...... Pire encore à QC pendant/après le moulin à images, la piste cyclable est pleine de piétons alors que la partie piétonne est vide. This is clearly victim blaming! So whats worse?
A> Getting hit by a bike and braking your leg.
                                 OR
B> Getting carried off by your broken leg. Cyclist admonishing pedestrians for taking up their space....this is ironic. Where I live, cyclists ride along the side of the road all of the time, endangering themselves and the vehicles they impede. The """"moral of the story"""" is people need to learn to share, not your """"exclusivity"""" view of a public path. Also happy dragon just becuase the cyclist hits the pedestrian dosent mean its the cyclists fault automaticaly, what if that person walking who shouldnt even be there is on the wrong side of the path where your cycling, And just becuase youve seen people walking and skating on the paths dosent mean you should assume they are aloud to and dont make up some bull excuse about how the city says they are aloud,  becuase I know for a fact its just people ignoring the rule. Alot of people commenting are so blinded with rage becuase of the little girl getting hit, and it does suck, but its true these lanes are reserved for bikes only, but people tend to create a habit of ignoring that, mabye if people would follow the rules and walk where they are suppose to they wouldnt get hurt , im not much of a biker myself but I still know where Im not supposed to walk. As an example, hmmm this lane shows its for bikes I will walk elsewhere, and believe me there are other places to walk not just the specific bike path you like. This is already a long comment but just adding real quick, just becuase everyone else is walking on bike paths does not make it ok for you to and does not make it safe. I've lived in Montreal for over 50 years....and when they started to have bicycle paths it wasn't meant to be only used by bicyclists.  Walkers, runners, inline skaters and skateboarders are allowed to used them.  Only motorized vehicles were not supposed to use them.  If a cyclist hits a walker or skateboarder then it's the cyclist fault.  If a skateboarder or inline skater hits a walker, then it's the skateboader and/or inline skater's fault.  Although I admit some idiot parents let their kids run all over the path.
Btw, I skateboard, inline skate, bike and jog on those paths.  Heck, in the winter I cross-country on those paths and grass. Je suis moi même cycliste et je dois dire que les piétons sur les pistes-cyclable je trouve ca vraiment chiant. Si personne ne viens en face, ou s'il se mettent sur le coté pour faire de la place à la limite ca passe. Mais les groupe avec des enfants n'ont vraiment rien à faire sur de tels chemain...On a beau faire attention, un enfant saute vite de manière inatendu sur le coté opposé de la piste. J'en ai déjà évité beaucoup. Et à chaque fois c'était moi qui finissait dans le décore et me faisait blamer par la famille... Je ne sais vraiment pas où va le monde. Pour un accident il y a toujours deux facteur et dans une telle cituation ce n'est pas toujours, voir rarement le cycliste qui est à blamer. Cyclists need to slow down around children, because they are unpredictable. Cyclist should get a ticket. Ese carril es EXCLUSIVO PARA CICLISTAS no para transeuntes ...ellos tienen la banqueta Lol 0.56 She should be shot Bike lane should be more obvious and visible if pedestrians are going to follow the rules.  People are staggeringly stupid when it comes to simple observation. streets were made for motor vehicles and I have no idea how many times a cyclist has almost caused an accident. If motor vehicles have to watch out for you then you should have to watch out for pedestrians..... there,s only cycle markings at the start of the path so if you join path further down then you do not know it is a cycle path i can see no signs and i can feel a claim coming on kerching £££££££££££. I try to avoid crashing to pedstrains who walk on the cycling path because when i think about it, its not worth it because my bike is carbon bike its expensive as if the pedastrain would pay the damages that  has happend to my bike... pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way... stop trying to be a smart ass... most bikers are fags😬 Moral of the story is female driving habits isn't only restricted to cars, they also suck on bikes.. Bikers are aloud on sidewalks and bike lanes, pedestrians are not allowed on bike lanes so stay off them it's your fault it's the same as jay walking. SO FUCKING DRAMATIC, JESUS hahahaah dont you see this logic is similarly applicable to another annoying trend:
It's simple. Don't bike in the road.
As a cyclist you are putting your self in danger and putting the sovereignty of the drivers in danger.
Cracks me up. Sure there are some differences but I'd win a debate contesting that they are not exceedingly similar. Morale of the story.... unless youre on a bike stay the fuck out of the cycle lane

at the same time i know there are morons who cycle on sidewalks and thats not right either but if we all managed to stay where we should be out of each others way, nobody gonna get hurt. Do u know who hit who that's y you dont walk there dumb kid! Slow the Fuck down you fucking cyclists, and why call police when you suppose to call an ambulance. I hope the bike was okay too. Cyclists drive me insane... but at least he was in a bike lane! In my city, they are just riding all over the middle of the road slowing down traffic, running lights, and go in and out of traffic. fair enough, people stay out of bike lanes and bikers stay off roads with no bike lanes Cyclists was going to fast for conditions(conditions being a nice sunny day with plenty of pedestrians on the path) Children dart out into roads.Running into them is not the nice thing to do. Was there any thing posted that banned pedestrians?  I saw nothing. i totally understand this, as a cyclist when I see a reserved lane for bikes im not particularly looking out for pedestrians, they shouldn't technically be there and the last thing we expect in a reserved lane is a human obstacle to appear when we're doing 50km/h. granted that most paths aren't even clearly marked all the way along as reserved, pedestrians still have to be cautious of cyclist and it works both ways I don't usually stick up for cyclists, but they were on a path that the town made specifically for CYCLISTS!!  Those idiots should know they are taking a risk of getting hit, unfortunately the poor little girl had to pay the price for her parents stupidity The cyclist must be blind or something If that was my kid I'd fucking kick the shit out of the cyclist. They think the own the fucking place. Here is the deal parents out there in the world if you wanna keep your kids safe from cylcle accsidents then please just stay to the damn pedestrian sidewalk. You tell the pedestrians to stay off the bike path yet cyclists to as they please on the road with 2 tonne machines! then cry when they get hit! FUCK THE CYCLISTS IN EVERY WAY! Cunts think they are doing the world a favour by not using a engine LOL! Fucking idiots. As if it would make the slightest difference to global warming. A bush fire will pollute the atmosphere a billion times more than a car you and you're poofter mates would drive.

FUCK CYCLISTS! Children change direction randomly too. I'd skate on bike paths and almost squash the children who's neglectful parents took them there. The mother was allowing the girl's broken leg to swing. What an idiot.
The cyclist was cycling where she was supposed to be cycling. funny how bikes have no problem riding on roads, but do have a problem with pedestrians on bike lanes. It was a little child who probably got distracted. Fuck cyclists they think they own the streets here in MTL...they should understand that they got a PRIVILEGE to have a path its not a RIGHT they have won! Let them get hit by a cyclist while being pedestrians see how THAT feels!!! Fuckers...if a cyclists gets near me I would just kick them away on the street to learn a lesson how to ride respectfully paying attention to children and elders...PIECES OF SHIT! *Pedestrian Hits Cyclist why are they all crying its sad but she not gunna die French people are pursues, there are kids that break their arms and legs and go to school the next day well tell me this why when bicycles ride on the road, jump lights ride in the car lane going well under the speed limits is it motorcycle riders and drivers faults think before you make it out to be not your fault he should of been watching where he was going just cause it was the bike lane does that give them the right to not look where they are going and blame other people
EPIC FACE PALM!!!!!!!!!!!! good. this is why i do downhill mountain biking lol all i have to do is tell people to get the fuck out of the way when they make a wall i have my padding on they dont lol Wtf the brother is so dramatic? HAHHAHA stupid people Knowing me I would have laughed my ass off screaming you little shit thats what you get xD I don't care if the road was reserved for bicyclists. POS should have been watching where he was going. Cyclists have NO PROBLEM using roads that were MADE for cars. And they are even RUDE and entitled about it! That wouldn't excuse me for hitting a cyclist for riding on an open highway. SMH Poor little girl. Hilarious. Cyclists yield to pedestrians, same as you expect cars to yield to you. What kind of dumbass runs over a little girl? Well this cyclelist (probably spelled it wrong). This shows me and the world that the disease dumbass is spreading! Hide yo children hide yo wife its snatching yo people up! Excuse me but there were no bicycle sign on the scene. Pedestrians has the most priority on the road than cyclist than cars. So priority on the road goes this way:
Pedestrians > Cyclist > Cars > Van > Lorries > Helicopters > Planes Why all the anger and disrespect in all these comments?  Owning a computer doesn't render civil skills obsolete. Is that irony I smell? Or does this video capture the exact same argument for why cyclists shouldn't be on motor vehicle roads? 

Allow me to re-narrate this story from a motor vehicle perspective. Please follow along and immerse yourself in the re-scripting of this event!

""""I was driving down the motor vehicle lane in Montreal's Vieux-Port"""" 
""""Yet, cyclists are riding in the motor vehicle lanes"""" 
""""Clearly this is reserved for vehicles only""""
""""Unfortunately the city doesn't really care for cyclists riding in motor vehicle lanes""""
""""As you can see, these cyclists are obstacles""""
""""And hitting them isn't good for me nor them""""
""""Just look ahead, you'll see what I mean""""
""""How could you do such a thing""""
""""Poor brother realizes his sister just broke her leg"""" 
""""Trying to call police""""
""""But thankfully the cops are already on the scene"""" 
""""She was hurt also""""
""""Whats the moral of the story?""""
""""Its simple, don't cycle on motor vehicle roads""""
""""As a cyclist, you are putting yourself in danger and putting the vehicles in danger""""
""""Sadly it was the little girl who (in this re-imagining) probably lost her life that day"""" Seems kind of similar to the reason Drivers don't like cyclists on the road.... especially when there isn't a """"bike lane"""", but there is a sidwalk right next to the road - it's dangerous for them, and dangerous/annoying to drivers. I hate cyclists they think they are cars and have to take up the road 
Cyclists sometimes Gos on the sidewalk it's not the girls fault she was just walking it's not her fault at all that's why the bikes have brakes and this would not happen if people could buy cars that's the easy way out of this😡😡😡😡😡 It's a bike lane sorry, but cyclists are well aware of the possible presence of pedestrians in some areas in which case they should drive slowly and more carefully. I give you example from my own city: there is a spot where cycle path is located on the bus station, so people who going out from a bus do not see cyclists who approaching and yet these cyclists are driving fast despite the fact that they see people who going out from a bus, so the accidents in that spot are not rare U SHOULD COME HERE in Egypt PPL drive fkn cars in bike lanes LMFAO The moral of the story is that this video shows the arrogance and entitlement of some cyclists. They are happy to hold up traffic when riding on roads and unhappy when pedestrians hold them up on shared paths.

This cyclist says that pedestrians should not walk on a shared carriageway; presumably for every-bodies safety because pedestrian movements are unpredictable to cyclists. These same cyclists assert their rights to ride on roads and will kick up a stink every time there is a close call. Not the bikers fault, shit parenting to carelessly walk along a BIKERS pathway, clear markings stating it is a biker path, perfectly good path beside the bike path yet morons decide to not use it, it's as dumb as walking on a highway. poor kid im sad :( the fact the parents say """"how could you do such a thing"""" that is the most hypocritical thing ive ever seen...How come you are such neglectful parents and don`t take responsibility to look at were your kid is.. if that is a designated bike trail, and,
if the guardian knowingly put her kid on a designated bike, then,

the guardian failed her kid, she has herself to blame. It's pretty much like letting a kid to play out on the street where cars are moving at speed in excess of 25km/h 

I'm NOT a cyclist, I don't bike at all. I often """"remind"""" cyclists riding on sidewalks where they belong. But in this case, irresponsible parent. She could have her kid taken away by social workers for child endangerment if they were in the U.S. With stupidity, even gods have no cure. I agree that people shouldn't be walking on bike paths or cars crossover these paths but where I live we also has nice big paved paths for cyclists only, and yet they insist on riding there bikes on the main road. Like if they would win that encounter.  And when they turn back and notice they are slowing down cars and creating traffic they turn around and continue to ride on the road anyways. I am a mountain bike rider and road cyclist and that still bothers me when people can't just be considerate to one another. What's the moral of the story? Don't drink and drive Just be sure you are following the rules and you are in the right. People be people lol Whats the moral of the story??? Easy bicyclist's need to FUCK OFF!!!! Cyclists just aren't accepted in society. not by drivers, not by pedestrians.
Hence they don't get the respect they deserve, because most say ''it's just a bike path'' or ''it's not like your racing in the Tour de France''. only because most people are unable to ride a bike fast, it doesn't mean anybody else can't. that why i stay off our local beach side bike path, because some people(7 year old kids even) have actually attempted to trip me over or say ''get off the bike'' while blocking me on the bike path. without being able to actually see what happened you cant tell whose at fault, if the girl gave the cyclist no chance you dont have to be going fast to fall over sideways onto her. that being said I always ride slowly around peds and assume maximum stupidity from them at all times. The same stupid mentalities exist across cyclist, drivers and pedestrians - the assumption that we all have some god given right to get from a to b as fast as possible This can be equivalent to a human walking in the middle,of the street where cars as suppose to be. Her parents should known better.. Don't blame the kid.. she doesn't know better, a parent should teach her not to walk on a bicycle path which they clearly didn't do.. Or maybe she did, now she knows not to do that again i hope. I feel sad for the lady on the bicycle because the mom puts all the blame on her, she must felt bad about herself when it's clearly not her fault. I have friend who cycles to work each day. Only a 2 mile ride through town from his home. He takes the shared pavement as it's quicker than using the road. One side is painted red with a picture of a bike on it and the other side is plain black tarmac for pedestrians.

A woman was walking down the cycle side of the shared path with a double buggy with 2 children in it coming round a corner where my friend couldn't see. He had to swerve for them as he got round the corner otherwise they would have collided. She blamed my friend for cycling on a footpath even though he was on the bicycle side of the footpath. Luckily a PCSO (Police Community Support Officer) was walking past at the same time in the opposite direction and gave the lady a good ticking off.

She still disagreed with the PCSO and insisted he shouldn't be riding on the path.

#DumbBitchesBeDumb It's sad I feel bad for the little girl but pedestrians really shouldn't be walking on bike lanes it's really dangerous I'm a cyclist myself Looking at these comments, I'm stunned at the prejudice and hate towards bicyclists. You hate them when they're on the street because of the few who break the rules and you hate them when they are actually obeying the rules and riding on their bike path. Make up you mind. If they don't ride there, where will they ride? Might as well throw the bikes they spent money on in the trash, huh? I'm not a cyclist and can still see how fucked up your logic is. Well...some people will always walk, run or walk their dogs in bike lanes, it's in their nature. And cars, vans and trucks will park in them. Yes, it's annoying but you just have to live with it. The important thing to remember is to behave in civil manner and not to terrorise people (you know, the way some drivers do to cycles on the road). The best thing to do is to slow down and give them lots of space (just like you would want a driver to give to you). Be polite, give a cheery """"thanks!"""" and be on your way.

Adolph Hare - 'cyclists' mentality'? Stop pigeonholing people in order suit your prejudices. Cyclists are not some hive mind. They're just ordinary people getting on with their lives, as individuals. Just like you and everyone else. I am not responsible for the actions of others and neither are you. So lose the attitude, okay? cyclists seem to think they own the place, Slow down, there are loads of people about, if you cant stop in case of emergency then you are going too fast, you were going to fast, just like a car you need to be able to perform an emergency stop. Sick of self righteous cyclists who think they can tell people where they can and cant go... You should see all the fucking idiots in China...I just press my horn until they move, and if they don't, I push them out of the way. Я не че не понял that bike lane should be more obvious, no wonder so many pedestrians there Interesting...
There's also a reason you should stop at stop signs, not try to squeeze in between cars stopped at lights or even cars that are moving, not impede traffic, not behave obnoxiously (slamming on brakes, swerving in front of cars to make a point, riding on a HIGHWAY, etc.).
But yeah, let's instead totally abdicate responsibility for ANYTHING we do and """"blame the victims"""".
You self-absorbed, entitled a**holes.
So if one of you guys has a collision with a car, it's automatically the driver's fault.
If one of you hits a pedestrian, it's the pedestrian's fault.
Must be nice to live in your world.
Wish it was legal to straight up clothesline you jerks clean off your bikes.
But it ain't, so unlike YOU, I have to obey the law. Idiot - it was a child - children don't have the discipline at that age - cyclist should be aware of the unexpected - and if she was going as fast as you, then she's in the wrong - ride according to the conditions - if people about, especially children, slow down and expect the unexpected. No people about - go as fast as you like. sadly this pavement didn`t make it very clear, their should of been a consistent white line down the center of the pavement with bicycle and people symbols every few meters, but all i could see was a small section and from then on a blank pavement, if i walked down this path for the first time i would`t have a clue it was sectioned off for cyclists on one side until i`m half way down it, and just to quickly put out there, i could see cyclists on the pedestrian side as well as the pedestrians on the cyclist side, two wrongs don`t make a right i`m afraid. lack of communication between cyclists and pedestrians to keep to the right sides. No the Moral of the story is Don't have Kids.. It shows you how much pedestrians care about their surroundings whilst walking. fuck her and her kid there all idiots for walking on the bicycle lane. Its only a broken leg and besides they can't sue him either The video does not state if the cycle lanes are for the exclusive use by cyclists (it being an offence to walk on them) or they are simply intended for cyclists.

Either way there are clearly pedestrians present and cyclists in respect of their duty of care towards others cyclists need to accept that at any given moment in time; just as pedestrians have an equal duty of care towards others.

However, it appears that upon encountering pedestrians some cyclists are unwilling to moderate their speed and so are knowingly placing others at risk.

At 14secs a child (looking the other way) is passed at speed. Clearly the cyclist recognises the risk by virtue of shouting a warning (albeit far too late for that child to react) but fails to reduce speed - in other words fails to take any responsibility towards their duty of care towards the child.

At 24secs two males are encountered with one having to move because the cyclist continues to ride at speed towards them and the pedestrian has to take evasive action. Again the cyclist fails to reduce speed; failing to take any responsibility towards their duty of care towards the pedestrians.

The presence of the pedestrians cannot be condoned but they are present.

When riding amongst motor vehicles cyclist expect motorists to exercise a duty of care towards them; slowing or stopping if required.

Cyclists should exercise that duty of care towards others even if they are pedestrians walking on a cycle path and a failure to recognise that is at the least, negligent.

Furthermore failing to exercise that duty of care could leave the cyclist at the wrong end of an injury or accident claim; perhaps even worse.

Whilst this may attract the ire of many, I post this as a cyclist of over 50 years. Get off the fuckin road! Even cars must slow down when in parking lots and other high pedestrian traffic.... it's just logical.  You can't keep going fast because you are in the right.  Next time, think of the kids who are just following their dumb parents.  Save the kids from pain by slowing down. isn't it a ped walkway too, isn't it the sidewalk? 

Bicyclists should just slow down if it is... if not, why are people walking on it? Ummm, dumb ass pedestrians shouldn't be walking on a bicycling path for 1 and for 2 the pedestrians need to use what you call a """"side walk!"""" comme si les cycliste netais jamais dansles jambes de personnes ...... you stupid retards ,,,,it NOT a bike only path any idea how the police handled this? Goddamit, Tribeca2011! You nailed it! Don't know how many times I've been in that situation (as a biker, in a different city)... well lets just hope they're IQ has rises a bit. poor child, got her leg broken because of bad parents ;( i feel bad for the kid and the lady on the bike. and the mother have the balls to blame the lady rider... just sad This is a lesson that girl will never forget its funny...you treat pedestrians on your bike path like drivers treat bicyclists on the road.  not wanted at all.  to bad our laws are not common sense laws. mother of the year award. god damn what a fucking idiot. its her own damn fault her kid is hurt. I feel or think like you. We (as cyclists)  have the same problem in Germany. One day last year I want to drive by bicycle to the University and
 in 45 minutes It was possible to hit 5 pedestrians """"How could you do such a thing!?"""" Ummm, bitch! How could YOU walk your kids through a bicycle lane? Are you retarded like half your city? YES. It is clearly a bike path. Do you walk on a highway and then not to expect to get hit by a car? Use simple bloody brains Shit for parents, they let her get hurt. Yea this is far to common some cyclist are the worse drivers. Cyclist often protest for there rights but pedestrians have the right of way unless it is designated that bike lane only. I have been hit by a cyclist in a dismount zone before. I like to walk for exercise and realize how careless and selfish some cyclist can be. So will yell move over or coming though and I just ignore them I do not have to move over just because they tell me too, I have never once heard on say please. These Nature trails where I lived are for foot traffic first cyclist are allowed to sue them but do not have the right to command pedestrians to do any thing it is the cyclist responsibility to took out for pedestrians especially children. I bird watch from these nature trails so some times I just stop to look at a bird, turtle or squirrel after all is that not why it is called a nature trail. Most disgraceful thing I've seen a fucken cyclist deliberately crashing into a child.This cyclist should be stoned to death.This is a complete disgrace and all pushbike riders should be held responsible. Fucken twits I guess that should apply to cyclists as well. Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right away. You hit someone, it is 100% your fault. At least that is the laws in the United States The mother should ask herself how could she do such a thing. It was her who led her child to walk where she shouldn't have walked. 

But a cyclist should be able to see and reduce speed for a group of 3 or 4 people in a straight stretch of cycle lane. trou du cul la famille c bon c pas la mort ... if the lane is for bikes then a road is for cars for Christ sake who do cyclist think they are Poor girl, moronic parent and cyklist for not paying attention. Poor girl Why is there so much hatred for cyclists in these comments? but if car hit a bike on a road its the cars fault for not taking due care......If see a adult on children's toy run into 5 year old girl like that we would be having words (as the charge for being stupid on a bike like holding on to cars is misuse of a TOY vehicle I got in trouble as a kid) Yeah this is true but in my country we need to walk on the paths of bike paths and the cyclists know that so yeah.  NOT HATING AT ALL. It's true... And people should be more careful... I got hit by a bicyclist once. Hurt like a goddamn bitch. This time both me AND the cyclist were at fault. I didn't look getting off the bus and he was going to fast going down the side walk. Living in a place with plenty of bike paths I know pedestrians do not care about bikes. They automatically think bikes will stop. As for kids they sometimes quickly dart out or step back into lanes. It's nice to think bikes stop on a dime but sometimes they can't. Parents, and nonparents if walking on the bike path stick together and to one side and treat it like your walking down a road. If you do not see markings for a bike trail but see bikes same rules apply. It keeps people safe... But then people do seem to lack common sense. европейцы панику поднимают на пустом месте. В России вообще нет велосипедных дорожек и не плачем) Now you understand the danger of bicycle on the roads!!!! Dam she broke her leg...ouch. A good day ruined. all the pro cyclist comments here are wrong, because the long pathway is not marked by a continuous line or further markings depicting cycling to warn pedestrians of a bicycle lane.  Also, many cyclist ride their bikes really fast along side pedestrians and they are not supposed to do that because their bike are considered weapons that can kill people.  All accidents caused by negligent individuals riding machines like automated wheelchairs, cars, bikes or manually driven bikes can and will be prosecuted as manslaughter because the rider controlling the auto/cycle  has full responsibility to avoid and not harm pedestrians. I feel sorry for the cyclist its not their fault the pedestrians shouldn't be walking in the cyclist bike lanes in the first place the cyclist who hit the girl must be guilty poor person i cycle and this side walk, is not clearly marked for pedestrians all along the trail way.  There should be a solid or broken lines painted on the entire way as it is on the road, so that pedestrians who start there walk in the middle of the trail are fully aware that they will be sharing the sidewalk/trail cyclist traffic very close to them.  Also, the cyclist is at fault here because the bike is considered a weapon just like a car.  When a cyclist is sharing an unmarked (all the way through the trial) sidewalk they should be cycling at low speeds, because a bike can damage a human being as badly as a car accident. Moral of the story, bikes are dangerous. Don't ride them. PS control yours kids dumbass!!! If it is only for bikes it should say No Pedestrians Beyond this point at entry way the sign you showed looks as if its indicating for you to stay towards the right I blame signage even if you are right the moral is to reduce speed Yes some cyclists like to have their cake and eat it ! Some of them run riot on the roads then cycle on the pavements then winge if a pedestrian wanders onto a badly signed cycle path ! For me its okay if the biker hit a adult coz the path is for bike's but she hit a child you know its a child the child can't dodge fast or didn't know about bike's lane poor girl Same here on the other side of the globe in Poland. Pedestrians walking on a bicycle paths or crossing them not making sure if no one rides. We, the cyclists must have our eyes around our heads all the time. Hang on, you just rode past some other cyclists on the pedestrians side? they need to put a barrier between the pedestrian and cycling sides Do you not think the bike path regulations only cover the bottleneck at the start. There are no bike path markings our signage for at least 250 metres, past several path intersections. if my sister witnessed me getting hit by a bike in the biking lane she would laugh and say ''your fault stupid bitch'' not cry like i was kiled T MORAL of the story is DON'T FCUKING RIDE YOUR BIKES LIKE IDIOTS. Agree that pedestrians should not be using the cycle lane but once you are on a shared path without dividers, cyclists have to slow things down. If there is a bigger chance of pedestrians is in your path (esp. children), legally or illegally, it is better to go at a pace where you can react to surprises. If not you will feel sorry for yourself and others hurt in the process even though you might feel you are right. Certain people just have a sense of entitlement where ever they are. Driving, walking, and in many other different aspects of life. Fortunately that's a frame of mind that accomplishes nothing, so we can all laugh at those people and their ignorance. """"How could you do such a thing?!""""

Of course, fucking people not taking responsibility for their own actions, as usual. Douche bags on bikes need to get the chip knocked off of their shoulder. Darwin's work lives on. Walking on a bike path and not giving way to bikes is as buttfuck stupid as walking down the middle of the road and expecting to not get cleaned up by a car. Then they're all like 'how could you do such a thing!' way to be a good parent you dumb bitch. From the point you say that """"it's clear"""" that this is a cycle lane, there is NOTHING on the path to indicate that it's a cycle lane and no-go for pedestrians. NOTHING. There is no separation or differentiation at all, zero. Simply an idiotic system and I feel for that poor little girl. It's perfectly obvious that this is going to happen. You simply CAN NOT have shared space like this and not have accidents. Wow... Now i say don't cycle on car road do you listen?
I know it's a cycle way but she should have paid attention like cars have too do. more like sorry little french fagget screams and cries like a bitch. Sounds like a pig squealing. White people are such cry babies. Make a big scene about a bike hitting you and I'm sure her leg wasn't broke but just sprained. more like sorry little french fagget screams and cries like a bitch. Sounds like a pig squealing. White people are such cry babies. Make a big scene about a bike hitting you and I'm sure her leg wasn't broke but just sprained. more like sorry little french fagget screams and cries like a bitch. Sounds like a pig squealing. White people are such cry babies. Make a big scene about a bike hitting you and I'm sure her leg wasn't broke but just sprained. So when car hits you on the road, dont bitch either ok? In the wise words of Jeremy Clarkson ''Fuck cyclists!'' So many dislikes yet the cyclist was right in every way. We have the same issues here, I just ride slower and shout out """"Bike Lane"""" until they move out of the way. Even though the lanes are clearly marked not only on the asphalt, but also with signage all up and down the lanes, pedestrians still have the right of way here, just as they would with vehicular traffic.... Even being right, I would feel horror over causing that little girl's injuries, I'm not in that much of a hurry to get anywhere....... why do the cyclist have to ride so fast when there is obviously pedestrians around? FUCKING MORINIC ! and also use your brakes and not hit pedestrians when they are crossing. With all due respect, the bike path should be indicated as such the entire length of it. Where the little girl was hit, there is absolutely no indication it is a bike path, it looks like a walkway for pedestrians.

I've been there dozens of times, I'm from Laval. I don't mean to sound like an ass, but people have to ride/drive more defensively. If you come across a potentially dangerous situation, it's in your best interest and others' best interest for you to slow down (kids are very unpredictable in their movements. I would know, a kid jumped on a coworker's lap and gave him a concussion by headbutting his chin)... luckily cyclist is a woman otherwise feminazi'd france would have busted her ass in jail same lesson can be taught to bikers...stay the fuck off the road

roads are for cars the Moral of this story is watch out for other people ,roads are for cars but yet people cross them and stray on to them that dosent make it right to hit them and blame them for being there not ALL of the lane is marked clearly In some country's a bicycle symbol just means bicycles can use the path, it does not mean cyclists only. Its a mother and a child.... you automatically lose those fights because... well, """"Oh my god,its a mother"""" bla bla... x/
Too bad, hope the cyclist went from it well. where is this? That's what I told the judge when I ran that 5 year old little boy over and killed him. I said, """"It's not my fault. He shouldn't have been in the road.""""

As I soon found out, that doesn't fly in court.

I'm being sarcastic or course. It's a parents duty to keep their kids out of the bike lane. However cyclists also have a duty to expect that there may be hazards, and not ride faster than what is safe. Cyclists also possess eyes, and hopefully brains too, so maybe using the brakes on paths where pedestrians are present is a good idea? It's ok whinging that the pedestrians shouldn't be there, but they were. Sometimes using a little common sense is a good idea. Pushbikes riding to Fast near kids, if you are riding on shared paths or near children you should only be riding at walking pace. Its like driving around schools, you have to drive slower but of course if you have a licence you have some idea of the rules but a lot of push bike riders dont hold licences so they have no idea. Its a clear day, good visibility, no rain. The cyclist can obviously spot people from far away, yet approaching at a speed high enough to break legs. Yes the pedestrians are using the wrong path, but the cyclist clearly didn't take enough care for everybody blaming the cyclist, just think about this. you wouldn't step off the sidewalk and walk on the side of the road, so don't step off the sidewalk and walk on the bike path. just because the bikes are smaller and lighter, that doesn't change the fact that they are vehicles. if you ever rode a bike before, you would know that. Completely the fault of the parents i've the same problem in my town :$ Is the bike okay? Just Kidding poor girl. Just an unfortunate accident should not become a political issue. if i would see somethink like that the biker would have ben more damage as the kid!!!! If you're not a local, I could see how this would easily happen. It's not like """"Bicycles Only"""" is obvious and signposted in each direction every 10m - it's completely non-obvious. Further, if you see someone else do it, you probably think """"they're a local and it looks like a footpath, that must be a footpath, it must be okay"""". The person who created this video is being purposefully blinded by bias not to see this. the kid still crying-good sign. if it wouldnt bad sign. Surely THE PARENTS are the ones who 'set the example or'?
W H A T examples they are they setting? You know they are french because they surrender so fast and cry so loud. Spot on Tribeca 2011. Also happend to me a few times, but i got lucky and didnt run over the little girl.
her dad just sent her to cross the bike lane and he wasnt even looking at the sides, i almost hit her but i kinda drifted to the side and she stopped, it was awesome lol. The man on the bike should be aware at all times, I do say that, be thats only 25% of the reason that girl got hit, they don't CARE if they are on the bike lane, a perfectly good sidewalk is no different, so why not use that and avoid the trouble?
I guess the world has taken its course through the lazy part. Some people just need to learn it the hard way.. poor kid, bikers should look where they are going Merde... It's a shame a little girl got hurt. It should be more clear that it's a bike lane really I'll remember this the next time a bicyclist rides down the road not in a bike lane... Replace the words bike with car and the word pedestrian with bike Taiwan, too
People are walking in the bike lane... Children are idiots, but parents are the bigger idiots. I bet the child just ran in front of the bike. Parents, WATCH your fucking kids and stop blaming it on other people when they get hurt. I understand there is a lane for cycles and pedestrians, but still, If you are on a bike right next to a path with kids and wandering citizens, there should be a level of precaution reserved for accidents. You can't say """"Oh you stepped over the line, here's a broken leg you stupid little girl to teach you a lesson.
Bikes are very easily controlled and should always be under full control of it and always looking around you. The brother was acting to see if any one in the crowd was a producer to notice his talent as an actor, sadly, twas not that day. If a car hit someone on the road is walker fault too? Or that is for bike path? Are you stupid man? Fucking slow down the peds have chance to get out of your way you mug Stupid parents. I think the mother should be locked up for a few days or get a fat ticket. I live in US and there are babies running around a bike trail where cyclists hit 30mph. That was right between 2 90degree sharp turns. I hit these corners at 20-27mph. There's a bunch of kids running around. All the parents are grillining steak. They got mad when I yelled """"get your fucking kids out of the way"""" as I almost ran a few over. One little Bitch tried kicking my wheel before I even said anything. I wish she did. Her tiny limb would get chopped to bits by the spokes and I would just ride on. Terrible people. I'm telling you common sense is going out the window........ """"There's a reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path, and this clip will tell you so.""""
Funnily enough, that's also the same reason cyclists shouldn't be on the road. NO ARGUMENT. Sharing walkway divided for cyclist is just plain stupid. People walking there children think they can walk in any area and the cyclist think they can pass you any way they want to to try to avoid you and if something happens ? OH WELLL. People are just ASSHOLES. The walkers and the cyclist. all bitches do is cry. There is literally a sidewalk RIGHT THERE, like, TWO STEPS from the bike lane! Why would they choose to walk their children in a bike lane?? I feel so bad for the cyclist, hitting a child and apparently breaking her leg, and then having the mother scream at her - it's not her fault. Listening to the young girl's mother asking the cyclist """"how could you do such a thing?"""". Well, the child's stupid mother shouldn't have put her in such a dangerous situation in the first place. This is exactly how many motorists feel about bicycles on the road. Don't walk on bike paths? Bikes should stay off roads. LOL. See what I just did there? Actually if you see from 00:17 - 00:20 there is no signs that this is a cycle lane. How would pedestrians know if they just came in from there? Its simply impossible for them to know and clearly its the states fault that this happened and this was just a matter of time before it happened. give way to pedestrians at all times,otherwise it becomes legal to kill people with your mode of transport Love the way you stand there and video and offer no assistance.
Well done to you.....
Look at all the bikes cycling on the foothpath parts come back to me when you all stick to the rules as you are to cycle correctly to deal with whats going on around you all not belt it and run someone down. Natural selection. The father and son are both wearing crocs...

They had it coming. You cyclists complain that people walk in your lanes, but you think it's fine for you to cycle in car lanes? That happens everywhere, even in the most civilized city of the  world. If there is a lot of pedestrians in the bike lane, there no other option than slow down the speed. A cylcist can not say :"""" This is my path, I will run over you """". The cyclist as well as the pedestrians can get hurt. fucking snitch We don't see clearly whether this is exclusively a bike lane and that pedestrians are prohibited from it and also we do not see what actually happened between the woman cyclist and the young girl.  Was the cyclist riding too fast for the conditions? (ie pedestrians around - whether they are allowed there or not) did the young girl walk into the path of the cycle? were the parents looking after the young girl properly?  The only conclusion we can draw is that this lane is too narrow for cycles going both ways AND for pedestrians so that pedestrians SHOULD be banned from walking along this lane. Stay off the bike path and you won't get hit.. It is completely the parents' fault. As the man in the video mentioned before it was clearly a biker lane. That little kid should stop crying and buck up a bit. Idiotic parents fault for taking child onto a cycle path The mother of the girl is dumb, its like letting your child running on the middle of the highway. Fucking idiots.
MY TRANSLATION
""""Omg why did I walk on the biking lane!! I such a idiot!"""" Yes you shouldn't walk on a designated bicycle path that prohibits pedestrians. Bigger issue shown in this vid though is that we shouldn't be subjected to having our kids legs broken if we don't understand the rules. We are supposed to look out for one another, right? The bicyclist was not operating at a prudent speed around peds. I'm sure this is required. Don't get scammed into thinking you are in the right, like the bicyclist, when everyone knows it's not ok to break little girls legs. 
Also the poster ended the vid with a sad attempt at a solution, a proclamation that dreamland will save us. Unfortunately there will always be people who don't understand the rules and there will always be people walking on that path. I'm sure the city of Montreal does not have the resources to expend to ensure that no peds use the path.
Here's the moral of the story if you want to eliminate these incidents;
It's up to the Bicyclists to operate, under the conditions found, at a prudent speed to ensure safety. If a school bus broke down and the driver had the kids make their way to safety across the path it wouldn't be prudent to maintain speed and complain about kids that don't follow rules. Don't get scammed! """"trying to call police..."""" don't you think you need to call the ambulance first? or little girl just faking? just a bloody broken leg mate i full on broke my arm bone out and every thing and all my mom does is slowly drive me to the hospital meanwhile this whole family is devastated it's a cycle lane people............why would you risk your childs well being by walking on a cycle lane????????????????????????? please people this is plain common sense, don't walk on a marked cycle lane
would you walk your children down the middle of a busy road???????????????? lol what is a bicycle line? Use your discretion you fucking pig, the girl broke her leg, it's a fucking path. People ride bikes on foot paths all the time, do a video making awareness of this.
Cyclist once again at fault, it wasn't a cycle only lane the sign was just pointing out traffic flow for cyclists TOO FUCKING BAD GET THE FUCK OUT OF THE BIKE LAND (its a shame that girl broke her leg i hope she recovers) Knowing that it is likely there are pedestrians on the path, use a little common sense and ride at an appropriate speed so you can stop or pass them safely.Being a righteous pedantic wont protect you or them from any wrong doing. french speaking people seem to like being stupid sorry but its the truth i live very close to france and its always there way and we citzens that did become french are of course just scum of the earth ,,,living so close to france all i have ever seen is how rude they are compared to other communitys around the world The moms fault Exactly the same issue in the UK, shared pedestrian and cycle paths. Pedestrians have right of way, but that doesn't stop some suddenly changing direction/ stepping out into the paths of cyclists. Need a better system... The cyclist filming appears to blow through a stop sign at the very start, and then after that, we don't see any more bike lane signs, and we don't see any """"no pedestrian signs."""" Weird. if you as a cyclist are travelling on your legit right of way,and you notice people on your carriageway then slow down.if im bombing down the m6 and i notice a guy in the road,i slow down and ready my self for further pedestrians.clearly the cyclist probably being aware of foot traffic on his route didn't slow down enough to avoid a collision.you may have the right of way but you don't have the right of uninhibited use its like saying its not the cars fault he was on the road. Bikes are crap and so are the idiots who ride them. ban the bikes  cocks on wheels Laughing out loud! I wish to see more of these videos. all these comments are crazy. (yes bored enough to read a good amount of them) but my thought is that this person had a valid reason for making this video. just because u are a so called """"pedestrian"""" does not make you king or queen of what ever piece of cement you decide deserve your royal feet!! its called a BIKE lane. and has the signs on it. just like cars have straight or turning lanes. and ppl yet again IGNORE those as well. because ppl in general decide to ignore things and when they get hurt they begin to wonder """"oh why did i get hurt??"""" hmmm lets see because you where in the WRONG LANE!! or you where going in the wrong direction of a one way street. ppl just usually have stupid behavior. and heres an example for the really hard headed in these comments as to why this person is right. these ppl walking in the BIKE lane is just like ppl walking on a freeway. no cross walk or anything for PEDESTRIANS and yet ppl walk across and if they get hit by a car try to sue. well guess who was wrong?? the PED!!! so if u want to try to say peds have the right away yeah when there is a PED CROSS WALK!! why do u think jay walking is illegal?? peds arent using cross walks and cars wont be expecting ppl to cross at that point!!! DUHH!! so if u are not paying attention to where u are going and u get splatted across and windshield like a bug its your fault if u are in the WRONG place. not the person in the car, ok rant over. have a nice day. over dramatic. Child is fine. Its the shock that makes them cry. Parents didn't help here at all. Hogy volt az a film ! hülyék paradicsoma kezd létrejönni! Here in the UK there is always bikes riding on the pavements not on the roads where they should be!!!  I nearly been hit a few times by bikes on pavements. your fault niether the pedestrian,s poor signage from the council there
should b better road markings for all too see There was no cycle lane at the place of incident... the lane ended about 100m away... its a path.. not a road... Ok my dad would've yelled at me for being in the way of the cyclist after he hit me and not the other way around and for being an idiot and not watching where I was going. Idiots This is one of the few occasions where the cyclist is in the right my first thought to answer to your comment is cyclists """"don't ride on pedestrianised pavements"""", but in reality the cyclist should just be careful of the pedestrians, live and let live, Stupid parents... So, what you are saying is if people cycle on roads then we as motorists should treat them the same way the pedestrian was treated here. Ie run them over? Yes bit yet u act like u don't  have any breaks and stuff  u guys are rage about cars taking on bike lanes then don't try and take it on pedestrian its clearly this is in the morning and as for safety every one carries brakes other then u guys not wanting to use them is some thing else this is a character going bad that's all well to be fair theres nothing to indicate its a cycle lane at that part of the path, having a sign just at the start and the end is plain stupid. Simple solution, put cycles back in the roads and have the pavements for the pedestrians. Not trendy sure, but at least when a cyclist does something idiotic the people around that cyclist are reasonably well protected from injury. As for this being a cyclist only path? The markings are poor and ambiguous at best and a sensible soul would proceed cautiously rather than arrogantly and at speed in such a situation. I can't help but wonder if the same folk who think riding at speed along here is fine are the same ones who speed past schools in their cars at 40mph at 3pm, because after all, kids shouldn't be in the road should they, roads are for cars... no panic police is coming, they will taser it.... When you are cycling among pedestrians YOU are the liable party. Lets just settle with-->Everyone is retarded so just move on with your life and keep on winning wherever you can! The same way you feel about people on your road is exactly how drivers feel when you are on there's...it is the exact same thing. THE MORAL OF THE STORY IS IF YOU THINK PEOPLE ARE STUPID DON'T COPY THEM! IT IS HARD TO TELL IT IS A CYCLE PATH, THERE ARE NO MARKINGS EXCEPT AT THE BEGGING?
. bicyclists use bus only lane all the time..They always want others to share the road but never share the road with others. It doesn't real seem obvious that it's a bike path other than initial illustration at the entrance to the path. No one is to blame, I'm sure the kids were doing kids stuff and not being aware of possible dangers and just walked out. Is she okay Title: mother lets kid get hit by cyclist! 
Note: mother isnt holding kids hand and keeping kid on safe side of path. mother didn't teach kid to watch surroundings for danger. That section is very tough so most of the time for my road bike I actually turning north before enter the old port. Oh my bloods boiling!  Shame On the mother for putting her daughter in harms way!  I hope the police sited the mother !  She yells """" how could you do this""""?  Well why did she walk in a clearly marked bike lane?  IDIOT ! Perhaps part of the problem is the city.  I see the bike symbol at the beginning of the video but I didn't see any markings on the three side entrances along the path.  It isn't always the pedestrian or cyclists fault. I feel sorry for the woman that was driving the bike, no one was concerned about her injuries.... You can see her concern on her face for the little girl, she clearly felt sorry for what happened... just an accident. It happens lots in NYC as well for both cyclists, pedestrians.
Here in  NYC Area:
Cyclists- Biking on sidewalk, going the wrong way, riding on crosswalk, jumping red light, distracted walking.
Pedestrians: Walking on bus lane, walking on bike path, J-crossing, jumping red light, Jaywalking, distracted walking.

Horse Carriage Driver- Jumping red light, texting/talking on cell phone or other mobile devices while operating horse carriage, failing to yield to pedestrian. Pedestrians are always in my bike paths, just how it is. Sometimes I have skateboarders with headphones zig-zagging upon my approach. Bikers have to use caution, that's just how it goes. Its pedestrians fault if the get hurt in the bike lane, and its our fault (the rider) if we get hurt in car lanes, simple. Make all the excuses you want for why the girl go hurt when she was walking in the bike lane, but if you are where you are suppose to be when you are suppose to be then stuff like this wouldn't happen, stop making life so hard. people on bikes should take the time to avoid pedestrians not the other way around, after all you're on a bike you're going faster than them they may not watch for bike lanes because they arnt driving they are enjoying a walk. Cyclists are fucking selfish stupid and impatient, just like motorists. They are in the same league as skaters and other retards that think the world owes them respect. It pedestrians on the left in the us we have trails like this and bikes ride thru the middle people on the sid3s  so if your at a good riding speed and a kid steps out in the middle you are not going to stop in time and this happens just like withs cars hitting pedestrians and cars. Right of way is like freedom of speech yes you have yes you can use it but it dosent always workout great if you dont think the kids parents should have paided better attention and not let her in the middle where the accident was expecting bikes that can go 30 mph to stop on a dime In Santa Monica at Venice Beach there's the same problem, people always walk on the bike paths and cause problems. I'm not a cyclist but I just don't see why people can't listen to signs posted up every 100ft or so. It's the people's fault for not being able to read the signs Ahahahahhahahahhaha Nothing says that pedestrians are not allowed there, as a cyclist when I am on a cycle path I will automatically slow down if I see people on the path ahead, especially young children. @Tribeca2011 For being arrogant and inconsiderate that there was a child involved, I hope 1 you don't have kids, and 2 that you crack your skull open on that same piece of concrete... That would be good Moral of the story?  Cyclist are out of control, self-entitled, bullies. Prove me wrong!  Post a video of a cyclist not causing a confrontation.  Of a cyclist STOPPING at a stop sign or red light?  I bet you can't!  Because they don't.  Cyclist think NO MATTER WHAT they have the right of way at all times!  It's an out of control epidemic of stupidity!  And that's why they need cameras on their helmet so when someone knocks their block off they can post it on YouTube for the world to see while crying """"woe is me"""".  Pathetic, absolutely pathetic. typical dumb bitch mom doesn't know whats happening until its too late. then she becomes mad at other people when she should have been watching her kid more closely. child and dogs on leach Fine, then stay off our roadways idiot! It goes both ways. Stupid cyclists are the first to complain about cars not sharing the road. just b/c its a bicycle lane, you don't haul ass down it when ppl, especially children, are on it, just b/c its reserved for you...that's the same mentality as a motorists not giving a shit a/b cyclists on roads clearly built for them On the other side there's bicyclist also what are the people supposed to do there should be a speed limit you were going to fast yourself as a rule seperate cyclists from pedestrians with a barrier so the morons on the bikes cannot injure more innocent people,where the little girl got hit there are no signs telling them that this a cycle path, It's funny. When you cyclists are on roads you expect cars to watch out for you giving a wide berth and yet when you are in the position of power you do not offer pedestrians the same courtesy. And so in the same vein, the moral of the story is simple.
Bikes. Don't ride on roads. I don't know what I like in NYC but here in San Fran bicyclist act lite they own the planet and that includes running peds off the sidewalks--happens to me ALL THE TIME!! Just a few months ago I saw a Brit tourist hit in a cross walk by a bike messenger who just said he was sorry and biked on---didn't even stop to call 911 for the lady--the scum bag left that for her fellow peds to do--thankfully she wasn't hurt badly,,,urban bikers are 100 percent more arrogant than car drivers ever are... I can understand that the mother of the little girl (who I assume was hit) was very frustrated and angry, but it's a motherfucking bike path with a perfectly good sidewalk for them RIGHT NEXT TO THEM! And its not so much to ask for them to at least move out of the way when the cyclist is coming! In the beginning of the video, the cyclist had to weave inbetween them just to not hit them. Seriously. I am only a teenager so I can't say I have too much experience of how stupid people are in public but I get a pretty good idea from videos like this. stupid pedestrian morons always getting in the way of life It appears to be a multi-use trail. The video shows signs for vehicle (cyclists) to stop at certain intersections. I do not see anything in the video showing the trail is restricted by sign to vehicle (cyclists), only.

However, safety goes both ways. Even if it is multi-use then walkers need to face traffic so they can see oncoming traffic. Just because it is a separate road/path/trail does not make it any less dangerous.

Hope the child recovers quickly. If you have a video clip showing a sign restricting the road to vehicle (cyclists) only, please do a video reply as it will change the entire situation. Everybody blaming everybody else Not adequately marked.
Excellent idea, but lacks proper marking. The story is they shouldn't have bike lanes. Get a car. Ah that same old fucking world where people love to stare. buy your self a bell for your bike then as you ride along and come up to people walking on the path just ring it that way they know and get out of the way it works well  for me and avoids comfertashons Stupid ass fuckers.  I see this all the time on bikes-only boardwalks along the beach.  Get off or get hit! I would take off stupid idiot hope the kid looses her leg maybe that would teach this failure of a mother to do her job This mother should be arrested its a bike path not a walking path stupid skank I live in montreal. i am a cyclist and find that it is a frustrating part if cycling. every time i go to the old port i have to avoid crouds of people on the bike path. Ridiculous. The sidewalk is obviously safer so i dont see why pedestrians wouldnt use it. Slow down.  How would you like it if cars thought the same about cyclists? I agree with your point that pedestrians should keep out the cycle lanes, but how fast was the other cyclist going to break her leg? shit son a broken leg? damn.. does she survive this? part 2? .... never ending problem, cars in cycle lanes, vice versa. pedestrians walking cross red light etc. family out for a walk not moving when a bike is coming = this will happen. Haha! suck shit pedestrian I think this is the fault of the pedestrian/s. There are clearly marked signage stating which lanes to use. Having said that cyclists must be aware of their surrounds and plan ahead. Not everyone is obedient to the rules and regulations. Always expect the unexpected. The father just look like ho does not give a fuck I would have called the police.  Have it documented and contact a personal injury lawyer and sue that cyclist. I'm a cyclist myself, bike to work, uni, shops every day, but I think this is a bit intolerant. In the Netherlands, where I live, often bikeroads and sidewalks are next to each other and the same happens. Sometimes they're even combined and one can walk on the bikeline if no sidewalk is nearby. If people walk on the cycling lane, just moderate speed. There's always going to be people who are going to walk there and going to swerve. It's a fact of life. ;) get wrecked If cyclists could get their heads out of their asses they could be observant and see that there are other in the world beside themselves. I hate when people walk on the bike paths like that. Get out of the fucking way! this happens all the time.  Get out of the freaking bike lane...PLEASE!
Sil Vous Plait! Its all the pedestrians fault. People are so stupid. You wanna complain about cyclists riding on paths and then ignorant pedestrians are walking on em but yet its the cyclists fault for riding where he SHOULD be. I live in Nice where the bike path is separate from the road and from the boardwalk yet when people cross on a green traffic light or just stand there waiting for it to turn green its still my fault for riding on the path? Guess what most paths also have a speed limit, here its 20kmh since i ride an average of about 30kmh ill be riding my bike on the road. And guess what? If i hadn't i would have found myself in a head on collision with another cyclist who was riding like a tool on the path and hit a woman who instead of her would have been me. No thanks ill stick to hugging the right side of the lane where cars still have plenty of room to pass. Its a path for cycling theres a sidewalk RIGHT NEXT TO THE PATH. Stupid Canadians are starting to be as ignorant as Americans. Amen! Please pedestrians walk on the sidewalk and not the lane specifically designated for bicyclists. It'll only cause trouble for both. Amen! Please pedestrians walk on the sidewalk and not the lane specifically designated for bicyclists. It'll only cause trouble for both. I see this in Central Park all the time. No one looks and wham.. I know pedestrians have right away in most to all cases.. yet they have to look and be aware of their surroundings. Merde! I dont know what people are thinking....you dont go for a walk on the motorway and complain if someone gets killed, do you? I feel so sorry for the lady cyclist. She looked so distraught. Now you know how cars see you. its not a cycle only lane, its a multi use trail... The cyclist is always right until hes/shes wrong I would have hit the cyclist with his own bike. Sigh this is exactly how it is at the beach. People literally stand in the marked lane somehow oblivious or without concern. I'm actually surprised more people don't eat shit on a regular basis. I've almost killed I don't know how many toddlers whose parents don't seem to mind them running out into ongoing traffic. Even when I ring the bell some of them don't seem to hear it or care. I was mad but at 1:12 you can a sidewalk right next to the bike path You deserve it, piece of shit. Dear Cyclists (of whom I'm one) and others who blame the pedestrians (of whom I AND YOU are also ones). At 18 secs; 27 secs; and 32 secs, there are wide access points to the """"cycle track"""". NONE OF THEM HAVE ANY SIGNS WARNING PEDESTRIANS THAT THE TRACK IS RESERVED FOR CYCLISTS. - BLAME THE LOCAL AUTHORITY RESPONSIBLE FOR MARKING/SIGNAGE (or more precisely LACK OF IT) - NOT THE POOR BLOODY PEDESTRIAN WHO HAS NO WARNING HE/SHE IS IN THE WRONG PLACE if he/she has entered at these points !!!!!!!! Is it still a cycle lane at the point where the accident happened? There aren't any markings that I saw... i can see your frustration, there's a perfectly good sidewalk for pedestrians to walk upon I got run over once by a moped (scooter) and it is forbidden to drive on that road, so i drove my bicycle on the right side and that fucker comes and rides right into his moped. I was in such pain and i took a big ass rock and destoryed his moped. I was 5. aww i fell bad for the girl i got hit by a car when iwas 12 the driver was blind i was in a coma for two weeks I cycle everyday. I  couldn't disagree more with your conclusion. Car , yield to bikes and both yield to pedestrians. Pedestrians trump all modes of transport. I acknowledge it's a bike lane but it's on public land and bike are not issued tax discs and people have the right to walk on roads and should take care but they are the most vunerable. You can't hear a bike coming, unlike a car. When near people slow right down and down further if really near people. Say a child, like here, who lives in their own wee world suddenly turns and moves over. You could be a few feet away. You gauge your speed on the basis you can stop. You can't. Then tough; slow down further. I've never hit a pedestrian. There has been many, many times i could have , through the lack of awareness of the person walking that I am coming but because I respect the pedestrians above my wants I have always braked in time. That poor wee girl will probably never cycle for years at least. A wee shame. moral of the story: dont walk on cycle paths. More like dont ride on the pavements by that same argument. Its a shared area. Slow down! Adjust your speed to the hazards. you are riding too fast! I dont like bikers but also its their own fault for walking on cycleway what is funny is cyclist say dont walk on bike paths....simple as that right.  But they ride in the middle of the road where motor vehicles are permitted and preach that cars need to watch out for them....?  move over to the side of the road when rising in the street, practice what you preach No it was the ignorant cyclist who broke the little girl's leg. AND there were no lane markings where the accident happened. Typical cyclist - blame everyone but themselves. """"shouldn't walk on the bike path""""
Shouldn't ride in car lane. path needs to be marked out clearly, yep And just on the other side of the bushes is the sidewalk for people to walk on. No cyclists are all the same over the world. HAZARDS. Law breaking fuckwits who should have insurance. My car got hit by one & it was deemed my fault when I was stationary & he hit me. Who had to pay for the damage?? Me as he had no insurance!! Get them off the road. Idiot cyclists the police are not going to fix her broken bones you clown It looks like a mixed use lane. Walkers, roller blades, bikers.  Even if it was for bikes only the biker should have been taking it easy and operating the bike in a slow enough manner to be able to stop in time if something jumped out in front of him.  He clearly was on notice that that people were also walking on the path because in the video we passed several groups of walkers.  Clearly the accident happened moments before the guy with the camera arrived.  If you are unable to stop in time then the driver of the bike is always at fault.  If the girl was struck from behind then the driver of the bike is at fault because he was going too fast for conditions and was unable to stop in time to avoid the accident. but there are no cycle pictures on the floor along the breadth of the path That leg is well and truly broken stupid parents, children follow the parents where they walk and go The French women cared not about the safety of her daughter, if she did, she would not put her in harms way. the cycling lane ended way back on the path, If cyclist bitch hit me she'd be one dead bitch I carry a firearm everywhere two bullets self defense. Pedestrians have right of way but we motorists have horns. We will use them without mercy if we have to. 0:55 free bike now's my chance Maybe, just MAYBE, riding that fast on that particular path wasn't your best biking option that day. I had this problem in Cambridge UK. Pedestrians just haven't gotten used to cycle paths mostly. Top that with the confusing mix of cycle paths that double up as foot paths or parking lay bys, hard shoulders for cars. Holland seems to have this fixed for the most part. But I just remind myself of the hazards and ride accordingly. Bike power all the way, if you don't like bikes, go fuck yourself somewhere else. Was she okay? This is how motorists feel about cyclists on the road. Bunch of assholes, cyclists. The mum of little girl is at fault because she let her in that lane Dumbass people can't read signs!  It happens on the Abu Dhabi Corniche too. The moral of the story is if you're riding/driving and there's a human in front of you, then you should make every single attempt you can to stop or avoid the collision. Stupid people. What's next? She didn't know she would get hit by a car in the free way? Yes she's a little girl but her and her parents should have saw the signs The pedestrain should'nt even be there, fking morons Both the cyclists and the pedestrians should’ve watched where they where going, yes the cyclists should be more cautious because they can hurt someone including themselves. But I see it as a responsibility for both the cyclists and the pedestrians to be cautious so that one does not hit the other by accident. With all of those bushes I could see a perfect scenario in which a pedestrian walks out of nowhere and startles a cyclist, which may then result in a collision. But in this case the cyclist should've shouted “Hey!’ of “Look Out!” so the pedestrian could move out of his way. Then again the cyclist may have been distracted, still everyone in general should look where they are going. On a bike path, crossing the street, on the road or on a sidewalk. common sense. I guess that'll teach 'em lol lol dumb people!! They are so clueless Don't bike on Car roads then. Did someone get a boo boo? DEAR GOD, I hope someone brought band aids to this massacre. where it says bike only? only a couple of bike sign, which hardly be seen everywhere. people like to bully weaker party anywhere possible The lane is poorly marked. There should be a line and/or differently coloured tarmac. The local public authority fucked up. How dare pedestrians walk in a cycle lane? Don't they know cyclists own everything and are holier than thou?? shit happens i say Whether the pathway is designated for bikes only or not...

1) The parent is responsible for the well being/ actions of the child and therefore the accident should have been prevented.

2) Cycling is a very endurance taxing activity. If the cyclist had to adjust his/ her riding speed suddenly because of some alledged idiots, they may collapse/ die from heart attack. Who is to be blamed then???

DILEGENCE and COMMONSENCE! Because a child was hurt, let's give the pedestrians the benefit of the doubt. HOWEVER, just because you can, it doesn't mean you should.

Sorry about the rant :) Yesir montreal man i'm sorry for the kid, but its not like the cyclist did it on purpose. For record I have been an advide cyclist for over 20 years.

Just because it has the cycling logo on the path means it's a bike path only!!!! It is a multiuse for bikes and pedestrians. If I was to judge on this it would be for the pedestrian as they always have the righter way on roads and pathways. Don't know how fast the cyclist was going but a top speed of 20 km/h is the limit. I can only assume the cyclist was going too fast to react to the child.

On the otherside I would also give a warning to the Mother of the poor child that was hit a piece of my mind that she is obligated to make sure her daughter was not in the way of oncomming cyclist. 

I rule the cyclist is at fault. if bikes can ride on roads then cars should be able to drive on bike paths. after all they are all """"vehicles"""" right and should be treated equal. see how you like it when my car is coming around the corner at 100km/h on your bike path. morons. LOL but its ok for cyclists to use foothpaths Stupid people not following directions... even if people are not supposed to walk through there, you still need to have enough control of your breaks or your bicycle riding license should be suspended (I know there's no such thing, but there should, and hers should be suspended) Why call police? so they can come break other leg. Call ambulance Cyclists no matter their country of origin seem to feel they above not only car users but also pedestrians.
They should be forced by law to carry insurance for when stuff like this happens. Also a registration system much like other road users have to abide by would be a good thing.
Until cyclists start respecting the law and other users they get zero sympathy from me. Why arent the bike lanes marked all the way down  where i live in California that what they down, and when marking end its a """"shared"""" path. C'est vrai que les pistes cyclables sont plein de marcheurs We have similar paths in my city and when I'm using them I just slow down. Yes, you will get people walking in the lane so you will have to expect that. If more people used the common sense they were born with we wouldn't have videos like this. BUT! I didn't actually see what happened in this case so I can't comment on that. Children are very unpredictable, so cyclists need to slow down to the point of stopping. That was very irresponsible. Cycling sucks anyway just walk or get the bus well as a driver or a pilot, you also have to be careful where you going. Im sure the lady didn't mean to hit the little girl, but she could have also avoided it. It's always the responsibility of the vehicle operator to be in control of his/her vehicle in all conditions. That's why you can get a ticket when you're under the speed limit in poor weather conditions. The arguments for not slowing down etc. sound remarkably like the arguments motorists use when bitching about sharing the roads with cyclists.

If there are people on the path and you want to go fast, find another route. If you have to use the path, you're just going to have to slow down, it is entirely your responsibility to be safe.

Now, I understand the problem here: if you want to avoid all those peds on that path you need to be on the road. But the fact that there's bike path means that driver on the road will yell/threaten/etc. cyclists because """"there's a bloody bike path right there!"""" This is the main reason why dedicated and separate cycling infrastructure is such a bad idea. I thought the moral of the story was don't be a dumbass? If a pedestrian feels the need to be in the bike lane, they should be on high alert on all sides for incoming bikers, if a biker needs to split into a pedestrian lane, they should be going as slow or slower than the pedestrians, and be ready to stop cold at a moments notice. Just everyone, please be smarter. Oh and don't let your f*cking dogs off the leash and keep your kids close, that shit pisses me off when a kid/dog runs 10ft from where they were originally just to come and get in my way and endanger me. Stupid parents. Well from my experience, it is more likely that the child suddenly ran in front of the cyclist than the cyclist trying to run down little kids as most seem to be saying. It doesn't matter how fast or slow I go on a bike, if there is a pedestrian there my hand is already on the brake, just in case. One time I was going down a hill in a cycle lane and there was a family there, I slowed down and actually even rang the bell a few times. The parents looked at me, ignored me and let the kids jump out in front. I slammed on my brakes and flipped xD We were all okay, except for some cuts on my part. Didn't get any help though. I assume that's what happened here, except the kid wasn't as lucky as the one I came across. Bottom line is, people are stupid and its up to yourself as a person to take safety measures for everybody around as you have to assume everyone else is an idiot, no matter what their choice of transportation is. i am from montreal
this took place at old montreal where it is crawling with tourists
forget driving or biking or walking
but off season is nice
why do people love crowds?  so many clear areas to bike
why the fuck pass thru old port??? I think I'm gonna go biking today. funny thing is that cyclists want drivers on the road to slow down and deal with cyclists, yet cyclists don't have the same patience for pedestrians. Fuckin hypocritical faggots... I Actually feel sorry for the little kid but it was also their fault that they walked on the cycling lane

PS:sorry if i spelled something wrong but im not from the USA or england The """"moral"""" of this video is  just nonsense  :
-  public lane user must give place to pedestrian in any case.
- Any user of any """"machine"""" (car, truck, bus, bicycle,...) must be able to keep control of it, and has to reduce its' speed in case of danger (rain, works,...) in order to avoid or give place to other users of public lane (kids, animals, ...) no man people  must no walk on bikes road and the fault was the mother of that child , stupid pedestrian you must be one to Mikey wtf means bikes road is for bikes not for people wtf The reason she got hit was she was in the bikes way That is like walking toward oncoming traffic the brooklyn bridge is notorious for this. I don't mean to be harsh but I agree with this video. font vraiment chier ces putains de piétons à marcher sur la piste cyclable. Et après ça vient se plaindre parce qu'on circule au pas sur le trottoir. I think this problem occurs in every bigger city... I hate those ignorants. But dare you  ride on a footpath Can confirm that this is a bike lane ONLY. The pedestrians walkway is on the other side of the hedge where the crowd of people are standing. Pedestrians always insist on walking down the bike lane and then complain that cyclists are using it. It's also marked as a bike lane at every single entrance to the track. The gaps in the hedges you see? They're not pathways on the bike lane, they're just gaps in the hedges with train tracks on the other side. If you look closely just beyond where the family is, you can see more markings on the path. The pedestrians chose to ignore them.

For all the commentors saying the cyclists should slow down, yeah, maybe they should or maybe pedestrians should walk on their damn walkway. The law in Quebec, which is where this took place, states that bicycle lanes are reserved for cyclists ONLY, i.e. no pedestrians allowed. The parents should have done a better parenting job by walking just 3m away on the pedestrian pathway. what the fuck is with all these pansies today always calling the police This is how drivers feel about cyclists on the road...moral of the story: people going fast want to continue to go fast criss de piétons caves! ya un troitoir 4 pieds à gauche! its the pedestrians fault they are not suppose to walk on bike lanes dumb people The adults who were responsible for the child should be charged and prosecuted for child endangerment for allowing the child to walk in the bicycle path. That section of the pavement is not sectioned off as a bike lane!! Poor kid tho! Pedestrians have a right to walk the bike path.  They have to be careful, though. To all the dumb people saying, there's no clear sign, but its pretty self-explanatory to say that it was reserved as a bike lane and that there was clearly a side walk next to the bike lane. In other terms its basically a road, if there are pedestrians they're there at their own risk. Bikers don't have the chance to slow down at any rate of speed in time for pedestrians who are oblivious.  Before you talk major shit about bikers, try ride a bike as a daily commute and then comment, until then you don't know shit about what is involved in this situation she hit a little girl... obv they were letting their kids wander around and they get hit like a kid playing in traffic... if you wana walk on the road go ahead but if you get hit dont blame nobody. We're walking on a bike lane and you hit my child with your bike? HOW COULD YOUUU!!
-
Broken leg, so the mother picks her up and flops the leg around, snapping the bone even more? This woman... I've been in transit for 8 years and I have yet to see a cyclist obey the law. This is getting very dangerous for people on the sidewalk and the drivers on the road. You may not care about your life but when you are jeopardizing someone else's life you are going to get in deep trouble. I guarantee it. this is a win, one person less that will walk on the cyclist lane. problem solved I was going to comment on the whole dumb cyclist thing, but then I realised, they're french! That explains a lot! Parents should take care of their children, that's the moral. who do u think pays for these cycle lanes ?? not fucking cyclists !! dont walk on the road or bike path, think people Jesus christ, talk about a lot of drama over sweet fuck all.  There was an incident, someone was in the wrong, but then it turns into some theatrical nonsense, """"the brother then realises she broke her leg"""" maybe the brother should stop being such a ponse and comfort her instead of having a wee cry to himself. CANADA IS JUST EUROPE REALLY What's the moral of the story?
It's simple, don't walk on bike paths.

Funny but that's kind of what I use to say to cyclists on the road with cars. damn biker! moral of the story, """"slow yourself down if its not safe to ride as fast as you want, because there's pedestrians in the bicycle lane!"""" Ok. In Verdun, there are 2 bike paths longing the river. There's no """"reserved lane"""" for pedestrians. So, the only place where pedestrians could walk is the sidewalk in the other side of La Salle Blvd. Is it fare that in this case pedestrians could not walk along the river because is on the bike path? and now you know how cars feel about cyclists biking down the middle of the road, stay off the roads if you're going to bitch about this Ah the poor child:( Bicyclers also have the responsibility of watching for danger and preventing it. That means watch where you are going and stop to clear the caution. Speeding past on your bike telling someone to move out of the way isn't going to solve anything. I did not have a clear view of the incident taking place, so for this reason I am unable to place blame. girl deserved it, she was on a cycle lane and got hit, her fualt FUCK cyclist Thats why big cities suck, I hate it, theres to many people everywhere You should call a ambulance not the police You don't see the moment of impact, you can't say 'should have slowed down around peds'. You have no idea how fast the cyclist was going, if the cyclist was in the correct position, if the people are blocking the entire lane or even if the kid ran into the bike itself. Pedestrians are as big of a nuisance to cyclists as cyclists are to cars my guess kid ran into path of cyclist as kids are always running round and into traffic and lack awareness of their surroundings, i have looked at this from a bikers pov and the kids and as a parent!, without footage of the actual crash/accident we will not know and the parents kneejerk reaction is that their kid is never in the wrong unless we see it for our own eyes. Road Tax dodger. Dangerous cycling. should be banned I observe the many Cyclists using the Pedestrian part of the pathway. Could have screamed, """" WELL YOU ARE IN A FUCKING CYCLIST PATH"""" is the bike ok Little girl probably no older than 6 gets her leg broken and yet she is 100% in the wrong? For christ sake what is your problem? THIS IS TOTAL BULL SHIT I READ THE COMMENTS ITS A BIKE ONLY BIKE ONLY BIKE ONLY OMG ILL SAY IT AS MANY YOMES AS I CAN BIKE ONLY THATS THEER FAULT NOT THE PERSON RIDING THE BIKE GOD BIKE ONLY!!!! stupids kids amd parents Here in USA we go by drivers of vehicles witch means we ride our bikes on the road(rules) and on the same direction the vehicles are going so not towards on coming traffic. This is why mistakes happen, because dumb people like this family in the vid don't know how to read the warning signs. If they continue to walk in the BICYCLE PATH/LANE then why bother to have all the warning signs up, huh? Pointless! Don't be retarded and walk in landed that say BIKE LANE I don't remember pedestrians turning into bikes :P ban push bikes completely from footpathes.  They are a fucking nuisance. Sadly, this isn't only a pedestrian issue. Cyclist need to be responsible too.

I cycle to work everyday and I and dumbfounded by a lot of people who are just impatient during morning rush (everyone with their kids), deviating from the cycle lanes just because they don't wait... weaving in on out of people walking the same direction... its ridiculous... I wish people would just take their time sometimes and not nearly run over kids or collide with oncoming traffic. you dont walk in the road if you like too live your life,so dont walk in the cyclist road end nothings gona apen. By your reasoning if I run a kid over in my car that crosses the road at it's the pedestrians fault because it's a road? 

Doubt it! 

Slow down, a little more consideration for everybody is needed, car, bike, van, pedestrian, and let's face it especially children.  

No need for this over entitled bullshit I hear from cyclists all the time! YOU WALK IN BIKE LANES YOU GET HIT.  Pretty simple. Plain and simple, there is a designated cycle line so pedestrians should no be on it. Thats the rule, fact so we know who was in the wrong. Kids do break their bones easily, on the other hand they do weigh less and take falls pretty well.   So, how do we know she broke her leg for sure?  Anything visible?  It doesn't look like the bicyclist would be the type to be riding fast.   On this path, I give her 10MPH TOPS!
""""How could you do this?""""   I hope she's talking to the kid.  Unless the biker weaved...
Perhaps irresponsible parents??   Putting their kids in danger.   Are these the same parents who let their kids play in a busy intersection?  I wonder if the guy is calling the police to get CPS involved. Maybe someone should call an Ambulance and not just stare. The references to bicycles being on the road is a little silly as bicycles are not allowed on pavements so where else can a cyclist ride but a bike path or road. In my area there are bike paths with a separate pavement for pedestrians yet pedestrians often use the bicycle lane sometimes walking into the cycle lane without looking potentially causing an accident. I believe with this video that the path looks to be reserved for cyclist as there's a pavement that runs along side so that pedestrians don't have to walk on the road (seeing as we are using cyclists being on roads as a reference lol) Doesn't appear to be clearly marked.
And slow the fuck down if you see people on the path. Same thing if you are driving a car and see people on the road, slow the fuck down, even if they shouldn't be there. I think ambulance is better choise than police. Its just a broken leg, no crime was done. Lesson. Don`t cycle too fast nor too slow. Always shout at them who can`t read the signs and be careful. hope the family learn their lessons things a build only for some stuff wow this video is shameless. the cyclist just hit a little girl. the moral of the story. don't make a dumb video like this and profit off it. The french language is so irritating. Why would a country choose to speak French rather than English. It IS allowed (by the law) to walk on the cylicst lane. Knowing this you have to be extra carefull if you are cylcing there. This lanes should improve safety for pedestrians and cyclists, but they do the exact opposite. Maybe if you see a lot of pedestrians, then you would slow down anyway!? that would be a normal response! Hitting someone with a bicycle is considered vehicle assault in America. Very bad to get something like that as the penalty is the same as if you hit them with a motorized Vehicle. In the UK cycle tracks are often alongside pedestrian paths lots of hazzards to both but if people are reasonable and ride bikes more carefully when passing pedestrians both parties can normally get along with each other without much difficulty.  The French cyclists should think themselves very fortunate if there are dedicated cycle paths.  Often in the UK there are inadequate paths for cyclist to ride safely.  They often have in busy traffic with drivers who should have there licenses taken away several times a month.  Drivers on UK roads are so bad cyclists have to ride on the pavement to stay alive.  Even crossing the road is dangerous with drivers that stop ON the pedestrian crossings. Who the fuck told you you cant walk on a bikepath? Let's get this clear. If it's a BIKE path, then only BIKES should be on it. Also, it is perfectly legal to ride your bike on the road as long as you still obey all traffic laws. yes pedestrians should not be walking on the bike path. the reason why the cyclist still hit the kid is because look at all the cyclist videos of cyclist not even slowing down, they bob and weave, lane split and try to bike through the narrowest of spaces without slowing down. heck the cyclist filming is dodging people without slowing down. cyclist saw 12 inches between the bushes and the kid and went for it. you see the group ahead, your going 25kph, slow the fuck down. if your biking like the cameraman yes you will eventually hit someone. Just slow down and make noises, let them know a cyclist is behind, to their left or right. In places like these with people we just need to learn to share the road/path. Moral of the story: It's everyone else's job to look out for cyclists because they can do whatever they want apparently. i think she is over react so stupid If both pay attention, nobody gets hurt. The young girl was in the wrong place and cyclist was not taking care of what was in front of her. Ok, then apply this also... roads are for motorvehicles NOT cyclists !!! So stay the bloody hell out ... I'm sick and tired of cyclists taking roads and not let traffic be fluid. The amount of ignorance that's going on in these comments is astounding. Cyclists need to be careful around pedestrians just like cars need to be careful around cyclists. If we're going to assume this """"us"""" vs. """"them"""" mentality, we should wage a moral war against kids. Stupid kids smashing their stupid heads into things, running in adult walk-lanes. Just a bunch of tiny imbeciles. They're the reckless ones. At the place where the kid was hit there aren't any markings. Bit difficult to put total blame on family without seeing the actual collision cause the cyclist should know to slow for the family. Respect the bikers you idiots...my Bicycle 1417 Dollar s .... Respect the bikers you idiots...my Bicycle 1417 Dollar s .... """"Pedestrians are obstacles""""

They're just trying to get from point a to point b mate. Just like you are.
Also, i don't see any lanes where the girl was struck, seems to me like the biker was in the wrong. stupid ass lady carrying her like she's ok... what an idiot should have left her on the ground or dragged her to the edge of the path instead. Cyclists are such entitled assholes. 
-CO resident Here in NYC we go real slow on bike lanes when pedestrians are walking on them. It's a better solution than hitting them and then complaining that it's their fault, when all they were doing was going for a stroll in the park! Bad parenting. It's up to parents to keep children safe, not everyone else. Parents are too complacent, negligent and arrogant, as well as stupid and ignorant. Lady: How could you do such a thing!?
How dare this """"Mother"""" let her child roam around an active vehicle lane. Bike nazis think they own the road. Pedestrians have the right away. Biker fault automatically. Moral of the story: cyclists are a general danger to society.  Cyclists are beyond annoying Does the note about walking on bike paths apply to cyclists on pavements as well by any chance? I feel bad for that little girl Next time, shoot the kid. You hit my little girl, wrong or not, you are dead! Watch the little girl's leg, that's a serious break, that's gotta HURT! its not just a cycle path u dumb fuck This is in Montreal you ignorants...where is Monteal??? Now where is New York city?? In china?? All of you ignorants, be proud! HAHAHHAH stupid kid How do we know if this wasn't staged by the mother to get money from the bicyclist? Maybe she pushed her own child in front of the bike or told her child to put her foot out and pretend to be more hurt than she really is? Did they ever follow up did xray to see if the foot was really broken? Lots of slimy people out there. Why didn't see talk her daughter to the emergency room? Why would she have time to talk to cops? It is not a crime it was an accident. You want to get your child help asap and ease her pain. Just exchange information if you want to sue the person later but your priority should be to get your child medical treatment asap as their could be major internal bleeding that we don't know of.  If that was me and my car was so far away I wouldn't carry my daughter to the car it would take to long and you might injure her more by carrying her since you can cause more injuring with all the walking and bouncing. Just yell out I need someone to take me and my children to the hospital now. Nobody is going to offer if you don'tsay anything. If you put it out there and put people on the spot someone will come forward and offer to give you a ride. Brother is a idiot. He didn't even get hit and cries harder than his sister. She's young her leg will heal fast no big deal. If she is in a coma different story then you cry. Doesn't make the situation better by crying. It just freaks the sister out more and then makes the mom crazy. It's the mom's fault for not watching her kids and letting them obstruct oncoming traffic. They think they can walk wherever they like so this is what happens. Nobody fault but theirs. Blaming people for their idiotic behavior. Let this be a lesson. Something tells me they won't change even after this incident. Always blaming others for things to that happend to them. They made their choice not to stay on their side and now face the consequence.I don't blame the girl because she is young and if her mom doesn't tell her she probably thinks it okay to stand in the way of others. She is still old enough to know that if you get run over by a bike it hurts a lot so I blame her some as well as she is not 3 years old but clearly at least 6-9 years old. If there is pedestrians on the path why are you still going so fast ?
Like most cyclists you are clearly an idiot! wow, i thot only happen in asia, everywhere the same. Moral of the story is Morons (in this case - the pedestrian walking on the bike lane) are always the ones causing trouble and issues for the rest of society. Just like in NYC. Folks think the green bike lanes are for strolling. Oh how I despise you stupid idiots. """"I'm the one with the right of way so I don't need to lower my speed, care about my surroundings or pay attention. I'll just pedal ahead full speed and anyone who gets in my way can go fuck them selves"""".

yea, I'm talking to you, @Tribeca2011 It's simple, manage your speed according to road conditions. fucking cyclists are vermin They are French who gives a shit..... the frenchies Seriously, should be signs to pedestrians,"""" walk at your own risk, speeding bikes passing by"""". side WALK! ah the French! The French and the Spanish have no sense of space. BIKERS FAULT AGAIN! THE PATH CHANGED FROM MARKED TO UNMARKED, then the bikers should walk their bikes no common sense must be Rockefeller university educated!!! yeah dude the moral of the story is slow down and dont be so careless about people walking As we are constantly reminded, the person operating a vehicle (which includes bicycles) is more responsible for safety than pedestrians.
This is why some bikers get away with blocking traffic to prove they are jerks, and pedestrians act like they can go anywhere.
I have had pedestrians lecture me for riding in areas that were next to bike paths (but did not ban bikes) instead of riding on the designated path AND do it while ignoring other pedestrians walking in the middle of the bike path. I would jsut blame mom, lol. bikers fault how could you hit someone look where the fuck your going you dumb fucks someone shudda knocked him the fuck out here's a hint to avoid hitting pedestrian : Slow down a bit It's  a shared pathway... no lines visible at scene of accident...more caution by rider could have prevented this Man this is that bullshit, like I understand it's the bike path but how hard is it to brake for 3 seconds or move out of the way, it's not like your in a car man just move out of the fucking way and stop being a bitch. Bah bah bah bah...You must drive always with that speed which is appropriate.
And pedestrians are in this case very ridicolous. now you know how US driver feel when you bikers are on the road fuckin cyclist plays victim when get mowed down by a car and cry then tells the pedestrian to learn to avoid the cyclist. seems like they are always right no matter what. What is the moral of the story? Don't cycle in the middle of a main road, as a cyclist you are putting yourself and other road users in danger. fucking bitch just hitted this little nice princess Cyclists and pedestrians should get along, I'm sure it was an accident! So cars are supposed to give way to bikes on the road but cyclists can just mow down pedestrians on """"their"""" bike lanes. Τhe moral of the story is DON' T leave a...THINK* to use bicycle, motocycle or car. Note: THINK;  I call everything without...brain... Just like a car has a responsibility to avoid hitting people on bicycles, Cyclists have a responsibility to avoid hitting pedestrians. The pedestrian being on a cycling path on mitigates a little of the responsibility of the cyclist. A car can't mow down a jaywalking pedestrian with impunity. Neither can a cyclist mow down a pedestrian with impunity. you put everyone in danger when you ride on the car path called the road. you hypocrite Tbh... No one was at fault here. The bike lanes weren't clearly labelled. And pedestrians should at least walk in two columns when presented by cyclists. You could substitute """"Pedestrian"""" for """"cyclist"""" and """"cyclist"""" for """"car"""".  All """"road"""" users, pedestrians, cyclists, motorists all end up where they shouldn't on occasions.  The key is to look out for each other and think about your own, as well as others safety. Ironic, cyclist telling people to stay out of """"their road"""". Motor vehicle or Bicycle. Its up to you to watch out for the pedestrians! Parents who don't keep good control of their kids on pathways or trails used by cyclists are idiots. Yes as cyclists we have to be wary of them but, no matter how careful you are, a kid can always jump into your path at the last second. Of course, to the parents, it's always the cyclists fault... At the end of the day this will teach the parents to keep better control of their kids, the kid will watch what it's doing more on cycleways, and the rider will be more wary of the little brats. Shit happens. The parents should be walking behind their kids, and keeping an eye on them... Then they don't get hurt... People are saying there's no sign that says you can't walk on the bike path. There's no sign that says you can't walk up the middle of the motorway/highway...you wanna give it a go and see how long you last? Bad things can happen,pedestrians are in the cycle lane,and they not supposed to be there,they can use de dam sidewalk,6 feet away and more larger. Yeah you sanctimoious ****head I counted 6 cyclists in the walking lane before you came upon the scene, explain/complain about that! I think the moral of the story should be 'look where you're fucking going'. Stupidity from both groups. bet the little girl walked infront of the cyclist. Was she walking in the bike lane?  You ask what's the Moral of the story?  Don't be a stupid French women anyone can be on that pathway get over yourself you pleb Parent's and cyclist's fault.  We all walk on cycle lanes occasionally and, as car drivers, we're able to spot an oncoming bicycle and take subtle steps to avoid it without incident.  Children have no such spacial awareness. 
Like walking through a shopping centre, they only see a huge playground and are oblivious to the unspoken rules of people in motion, and continuously bump into them if not prompted by their parents.
For a second, both parents were not paying attention and it's likely the little girl was not in the cycle lane but, with a sibling nearby, she likely made a sudden change of direction during a playful chat/game and would not have thought to spot the oncoming cyclist.
The cyclist, she likely would have seen her way clear right up to the point the girl popped out from behind the parents and collided with her at high velocity, enough to brake her leg (if it WAS broken).

This video has no morals in it, just a series of unfortunate events, nothing more. BREAK A LEG OR DONT USE THE BIKE PATH.. pun intended So really this video has much to do about nothing....... and clearly roads are for motor vehicles, yet if motorists showed the same disregard as this cyclist shows for pedestrians, well........

last time I looked bikes had brakes and a steering mechanism lmao and bikes should stick to bike paths and stay off the road Moral of the story is that people shouldnt hurt others. Obviously impossible to tell whos at fault since we dont really see what happened, so idk why's everyone jumping to conclusions. You go tearing along a dual usage lane-way like you own it. Common sense practise is to """"drive at speeds that are safe according to conditions"""" so when there are pedestrians about you must slow down and exercise care. In Santa Monica the bike lane IS A BIKE LANE. Peds. have there own little strip to walk on . Isn't share the road what cyclists have been preaching for years? A few points I'd like to make:
-By this standard, then all cyclists who get hit by cars on roads are responsible because they didn't stay off the roadways, which are obviously meant for motor vehicles.
-Be fucking vigilant. This applies when operating any mode of transportation.
-So it's the little girls fault she got hit and broke her leg? An adult should know better, doesn't your bike have breaks? Don't you have eyes that can see obstacles?

I fear for your life and real world obstacles you'll face if a little girl is too much of a challenge to maneuver around. I'm no expert on cycle pathways....does it say no pedestrians allowed? I thought both pedestrians and cyclists were allowed to use these pathways? Does it actually say somewhere """"No pedestrians allowed on the cycle paths""""?
Near where i live there are cycle tracks/walks....Both cyclists and walkers are allowed on them, i've never seen one dedicated just for cyclists.....except for the ones one the side of roads. THe worts example and streets and people on a small sidewalk is a joke to be laughed at and ridiculed and you are wrong they are right.  you should be careful if you want to ride fast ride in the street not on a sidewalk you coward. This was the worst example a biker could give.  The path is to narrow for both and the biker will always break a leg exspecially a little girls leg if you really care you should ride in the street not on a sidewalk where people walk on and there is no room for them or you hit them and break their legs and its a shame you made a video thinking you have the right of way yet you fail to realize that when there is so little room to walk people will not walk in a single file line they are not hearing pack of buffalos or migrating animals they walk horizontally not vertically when there is barely room for two people to walk.  Plus you can also run into them even if they are walking in their own path.  I think for the peoples safety its safer that you ride on the street and not on such a narrow path.  SO you are wrong and the people are right wake up to reality.  Sidewalks are for walking streets are for riding.  Maybe you should care what you are doing.  and such a bad example. Do you not have children? Why would you share that and use a child's suffering to try and prove quite a weak point! i have that same problem in many of the city's i ride my road bike ped's don't respect the wheels at all. and as for homeskooled we do that cause police gives us ticket's in my city if we are on sidewalk's, vehicle ppl are the dumbest though, talking on cellphones, putting on makeup and not looking bothway's lol really, we as cyclist have to put more attention because of people like that :P Thats the reason why Cyclists should always drive on the road. Much more safer for cyclist and pedestrian. fuck the child, now she'll learn never to stand in a bike path.  Meeting adjourned. Its everybody's fault. Cyclist and pedestrian. Got the same problem here in Germany over and over again. They just don't give a FUCK about the fact that they're in our way but yell at me when I ride on the side walk the few seconds before I arrive at home. Sometimes I feel like I should just run into one of them at high speed and he'd have to pay for it since he was walking on the bike path. But not only would that just convince that one person that it's a bad idea to walk on the bike path, I'd probably get hurt too and those suckers just aren't worth that price. I think the moral of this story is not simply that people should not walk on bike paths but cyclists knowing that they do should modify their behaviour (i.e. their speed) accordingly. Children shouldn't play in the road, but in some areas they do. I wouldn't drive a car down there at the speed limit just because I can, I would slow down Its NOT the cyclist fault, the cyclist was in the cycle lane, but the parents of the girl should have had some sort of intelligence, but on the day there was very little of it.
Its a bit like saying, I got ran over by a car because I was walking in the road all over the place, so it has to be the car drivers fault. Cyclists are the biggest idiots, assume the world belongs to them Seems to me like there are pedestrians and cyclists on both sides of the path/cycle lane, it should be marked out for the entire path not just at the entrance to the path with a long solid white line, nice and clear and cycle/pedestrian symbols all down it. when i see children on the path as well, it pays to slow right down, either ding the bell or say something so they know your coming. ''Morning!'' seems to work well, makes the parents turn around, say good morning back and grab the childs hand. wonder what happened when this girl was hit. sad thing. here is something to tkink about it,...  if you see KIDS, slow down, don´t stuck to your right of way..
btw: - i´m a father
       - i´m a pedestrian
       - i´m a cyclist
       - i´m a motorcyclist
       - i´m a car driver
       and in the army i had driven a tank....
and i NEVER drove over a KID... ( next year 30yrs licensed, average year up to 60.000+ miles ) hypocritcal much, dont cycle on the road then, if your so concerned about people walking on your bike path then dont have a cry when you get hit by a car
""""its simple"""" We put big signs labeling walks and paths for certain purposes, but the tarts just don't care, get hit and call the ones following the rules the bad guys. The uploader is a pendejete... then don't be so bloody stupid to walk on the bicycle lane... fuck it.... if the family was walking on the left side (bike lane) i would smashed out the entire family out for not looking out for the kids and being RETARDS
i hate families like this. i was raised to use my head. my dad and mom would of  taken the hit for me, because they are good parents not RETARDS. poor little girl :( what a shit parent, probably yapping her mouth while her and the gang took up the entire path. FUCK the parent in this case. No it's the bicyclist fault they need to slow fuck down and watch for people and get the fuck out of the road when cars on them. The part that really pisses me off is that if you hit these bastards riding a bike down the road you're suppose to make an insurance claim especially if you break their bones. Yet if the bicyclist breaks the bone of a little girl they can walk away with nothing. I bet the person on the bike that hit the little girl was riding like this dickhead dodging people riding almost full blast. I hate bicyclist and I ride a bike, but you don't see me riding it down the middle of the road darting into traffic or even riding on paths with lots of people like this guy in the video. Its not worth it to ride a bike if you have to do it around cars or this amount of people. Random Shoe is laying on the floor lol The mother is to blame for not letting her child walk in the road instead, at least if she was hit she wouldn't feel anything...ever your right, simple bike please dont go on the road with cars and lorrys that have paid tax and have insurance, then bikers will not be killed. People complain about cyclists when they dont stick to cycle paths exactly but they find something to complain about when they do, cyclists are like Dirty Harry; they always get the shit end of the stick A little FUBAR... No one is at fault there is a lot of people everywhere. Feel bad for the little girl though. Many cyclist, right of way or not, are actually not competent enough to cycle in busy urban areas. That incluses cycle paths that have to be shared with walkers, children or dog walkers...dogs always just stand infront of you...and far too often they are cycling too fast. Maybe cyclist need to slow the hell down and pay some attention. So irresponsible. Make a video crying about people in the bike lane. Spend over half the video stopped obstructing the lane. Oh, the ironing. Moral of the story is: Be more aware of your surroundings when riding a bike.
When a bike lane is next to pedestrians, be extra careful.  If a kid was playing in the road, it doesn't give you any right to run them over.
Remember the pedestrian rule. stupid kid probably wasn't paying attention. Shut the fuk all of your arguing !! Im the man here!!! I own you all i conquer you all It's a busy day, lots of people, cyclists in the pedestrian lane, pedestrians in the cycle lane, just take it easy! its simple....on an bike side u riding your bike! and u walk on the other....if u get over run thats ur problem....fucking hate mothers like this...dosent look for her kids and when something happends its the persson who did it gets the blame.... This is why I rarely ride """"bike/ped paths"""".  If I do it's got to be slow - like 10mph slow. hadn't the bike lane ended? there are no markings and he passes plenty of bikes on the left hand side. Nothing against bikes, I like them too, but where I live it's the other way round. The city put a lot of money into making bike paths, but cyclists keep riding on the pavement right next to the path (separated by a stripe of grass), and when I'm walking and a bike comes in front of me, I show the cyclist the empty path one yard away, they start freaking out... So its ok for you retards to ride your bikes on roads, meant for cars.  But its not ok for people to walk on your roads??  This just proves how stupid you kind of people are. Bike lanes are created to separate cyclists from other road users including pedestrians. Cyclists have been avoiding accidents for decades and asking for bike lanes and finally some places have seen fit to allow them their wishes. The lane is clearly marked at regular intervals, it has clear signs at the entrance point and there are no places that allow pedestrian access other than gaps where the bushes have died back. The only other thing that can be done to prevent pedestrian access is to use  fencing or barriers down both sides but even then some will find a way through and get in the way of cyclists.
It's unfortunate that a girl got hurt but how can the cyclist be to blame ? It looked like a straight stretch of track, it's obvious that the cyclist could see where she was going, cyclists don't daydream, especially when there are people in the path, self preservation is paramount. We can't see exactly what happened but it was avoidable, there is perfectly acceptable footpath right next to this cycle path. bikes should watch out for people not try to own the path it Dosent say Cyclists own this road dose it You have to be ready to stop,not plough through pedestrians that stray onto the cycle path.I'm a cyclist and in this footage i would of noticed there are pedestrians using the same stretch of tarmac,quite obvious there's going to be a pedestrian on the cycling side  by accident at some point, especially a kid , you've got to be ready to brake. People wonder why I hate kids. Well,considering the low speed of bikers,you have plenty of time to avoid obstacles or even brake,this is not a downhill race,just urban transport.Personally,i blame the mother for not watching out for her kid though Regardless of it being a bike path or not, you should be aware of your surroundings. If you were in a car and hit a pedestrian in the middle of the road you would be at fault. Regard It is a walk path and bike path. Obviously aside from the French dialogue being thankful the police was there signifies you are in a different county. Cops don't do anything worth a damn in America. You think the child is in the wrong here? your stating pedestrians shouldn't be on the bike lanes so basically your saying the child is in the wrong here.  Well what I see here is obviously an arrogant cyclist or a cyclist unable to control his bike, either way the cyclist is in the wrong here!  Maybe the government or council should look into sectioning these paths off, for the safety of the pedestrians! You know what the overriding rule of using any kind of vehicle is? Watch out for those more vulnerable than you. The problem with cyclists like you is that you feel it is your right to never have to slow down or even stop for anyone else. I ride a motorbike and thousands of people have stepped out in the road without looking in front of me but I've always spotted them before they affect me because I'm scanning for hazards all the time not just peddling away with tunnel vision like you dickheads. stay in the lane reserved for pedestrians only, idiots. There are entrance see at 0:18 where there are no markings so tell me how can anyone know its bikes only? I see nothing to say its bikes only? if there is someone there you should be going at a speed you can stop with in you view, so the bike is wrong not a child..... Right a few things , it is clearly a cycle path the cyclist has done nothing (not morrally) wrong , the people should NOT have been walking on that path. They are liable for the damages not the cyclist, The cyclist most likely did try to turn but its a family of four and chances are that one of them was walking in the other lane he tried to avoid she popped behind and he hit her. Don't know about the law in Canada, but in the UK where a lane has been marked on a pavement to permit cycling, this is NEVER exclusive. Pedestrians ALWAYS retain priority - the route shown in this clip would not be classed as a """"cycle lane"""". Maybe it is in Canada, but still some common sense wouldn't go amiss here would it? If there parents her stupid enough to let themselves and there kids to walk we're oncoming bikes are coming through them what do they expect it's the same as living in London people walk all over the roads expecting the cars to heel to them Not a well marked cycle path is it?    The path became both ped/cyc when the """"dotted"""" line ended...    Since the path is for both and Cyclists know children will be on that path then the cyclist is at fault for hitting the ped.  Same as with a car, in a pedestrian priority zone...  Simply put...  BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR ACTIONS... If I see a child in the road while driving my car I slow down or stop to make sure I don't hit them, bicycles have to do the same. I am sure also that the path is a no motor vehicle pedestrian path that allows cyclists to use it. there are far more pedestrians than cyclists that use it Be responsible. Moral of the story is you are all faggots! ethically you bikers cannot say that pavement belongs to bikes only and then claim ownership on normal vehicular trafficed roads, whatever is public road is ment for whatever the fucking creatures mechanical objects and whatever to ride walk or crawl on aslong as its public and not lawwritten! Most ppl commenting here are not familiar with cerain laws and customs in other countries. and they have no idea how a separated bike lane works.

in several european countries there are """"bike highways"""".
it is equal to a car highway and you are NOT ALLOWED to walk there.
those roads are made to get the cyclists of the road.
So they do not block the cars, and so they are faster.

and as more ppl can use a convenient bike lane, there are less cars on the road.
why does none of the wisecracks understand this?

take the netherlands.
there are marked and seperate bike lanes. yet tourists ignore the signs and complain later about the bikers.

on this video there is an extra sidewalk on the left that is not used because of ignorance Funny & ironic that you cyclist say pedestrians shouldn't be on the bike path. Well, motorist feels the same way! Cyclist shouldn't be on the road despite there being a bike path near a curb. Cyclist are """"obstacles"""". Why compete your flesh with a heavy moving projectile? That little girl probably broke her leg but a cyclist... It could be a lot worse! Just saying I feel sorry for the girl... not for the broken leg, but for having dumb ass parents. See... not all stupid people are americans. Montreal (lived there 20 years) isnt bike friendly It's both there fault Snap City: population YOU. I laughed xD
A lot.
And now I feel like a bad person :( This is something that tourists in Amsterdam need to know as well.. heres the thing just because theres a bicycle lane doesnt mean there isnt going to be pedestrians in the bike lane, it was just a walkway first, these bike lanes are so pedestrians and cyclist know where to be so you dont have a bunch of cyclist and pedestrians worming around each other, just before you got to the crash scene you had cyclist to the left. as a cyclist you guys should actually be looking out for these pedestrians they have right of way I doubt the cyclist that hit the girl went out that day with the intention of knocking down some random kid. It is unfortunate what happened but they need to remember it was a cycle path as well as a pedestrian path. Kids tend to wander about all over the place and may well have accidently stepped in front of the cyclist at the last second This is why cyclists shouldn't be on roads.. hahahahahahahahaha idiot family Cycles self ,know how annoying it is, so do not go there we cycle ,there is probably a reason it's Called a cycle track You can't say it's exclusively for bikes! You have to assume (courtesy if nothing else!!) that there are going to be pedestrians - and slow down accordingly. This self-important sense of entitlement is what cyclists complain about when they see it in car drivers on the roads I'd have hit her a few more times to break her other leg the stupid little freak This is EXACTLY the problem with bicycles on the road... Bicycle is to Pedestrian as Automobile is to Bicycle. You get upset about pedestrians walking in """"your"""" bike lane, but cyclists are riding in the pedestrian lane. Where's your logic? You call them obstacles, but get upset when you have to go around them, trees are obstacles too but I don't see every bike wrapped around one or people getting upset that a tree grew on your bike trail. You have control of your bike and are able to maneuver around people and people have control to move out of cyclists way. Both are idiots. Parent asking, """"How could you do such a thing"""" like the lady was riding along saw the little girl and thought...the day has come to run a girl over. Well where was the parent to protect her dumb kid? As a biker you have to realize there are incautious parents with children everywhere! So use your eyes widely or don't get on a bike! So the girl had actualy broken her leg? or are you guessing?
I do actualy feel sorry for her if she had broken her leg, not because of the accident but the stupid mother picker her up like that after.......that would have hurt worse than the original accident!
Im trully amazed at some peoples stupidity sometimes......really! just slow the fuck down. u dont need to go that fast anyways i hate peds. they get in the way of everything. bikes, motorcycles, cars, themselvs!! drama lol """"How could you do such a thing!?"""" Well... You let your child walk on the bicykle lane. Not a smart idea. I feel bad for the little girl and I hope she healed up just fine....  I also hope that she and her family will avoid walking in a bicycle lane in the future...  In addition, I hope that they will not walk in the middle of the interstate (because the cars on the interstate could hit them)... I hope they won't walk along train tracks (because the trains might hit them) Poor girl :( Like shared walking and biking paths bikers get the right side no matter what just like a car and both people should pay attention if you don't well don't blame us for running you over. You fucking bikes, can't you slow the. Fuck down you can clearly see people and children walking inches from you passing them way to fast. But its always there fault right, not yours. When I see bikes on the road I just hit my windsheild sprayers that are aimed to the right and run them off the road. Most of the population has driven a vehicle, most people have ridden a bike, and everyone walks. Why is it that bicyclist are the ones that go out of their way to be assholes? When I ride I am considerate of everyone around me. When I walk I wait until there is a break in traffic before I even approach the crosswalk so no one has to stop and hold up traffic. When I drive I move over a lane (if possible)  for bicyclist that are ridding on the shoulder of the road, or in the bike lane. I do this out of respect for others. I ride my bike to work regularly, but I won't call myself a cyclist because I don't want to be associated with anyone who would take up a lane of traffic to ride in when there is a perfectly good bike lane between the sidewalk and the road. Respect each other. Bike lane is a bike lane theres sidewalks for people to be honest the biker was in the right it might be harsh but its for bikers and people are walking at their own risk in the bike path it is the same as a biker biking in the middle of the street instead of biking on the side of it :) Yeah, pedestrians on bike paths are pretty annoying. Imagine how drivers feel when cyclist congest the roadway. Its the exact same thing, now you get a taste of your own medicine.
 On a side note, I cannot believe the amount of emotion over a broken leg, heavy breathing of the person filming, the brother of the girl crying hysterically. Its a broken leg people calm down. I would hate to see the reaction to a REAL emergency. crazy find Awareness is the lesson people need to learn reaction time wont mean anything if you dont see or hear danger Moral of this story is that, when you see people and children on the bike line , do not be an ass hole and use brakes you idiot cyclist, when you see that child is going , why are you cycling like a dare devil ? Poor child! It is a bicycle path. """"F"""" YOU PUSHBIKE RIDERS!
then when you ride on the road you block traffic and say it's your right to be there too. 
How about some give and take you f*ckers!!! Where I live bicyclist act like they own the sidewalks and the streets. It's a complete nuisance. If you dont want people walking on bike lanes then why is it ok for cyclist to travel in car lanes? You say clearly marked but at 27 and 33 seconds you pass an entry to the path and there is no signs about cycle lanes so how was the girl supposed to know which side to be on when someone like you comes bombing down the pavement at her! Ewww.... 0:52 she showed them her couchie ! Don't matter if its a bicycle lane, doesn't mean you own it and can speed. You gonna blame the little girl for crossing onto your bike path? Screw that. Slow down and pay attention to whats in front of you. Um, and the cyclist should slow down. Ride to your conditions. Cyclists do need to slow down and give pedestrians room - especially on a shared pathway like you were on, which doesn't have a painted lane all the way down it (the cycle paths in my town are clearly split into two halves to separate cyclists from pedestrians). We, as cyclists, expect vehicles to give us space and be considerate of us since they are so much larger and heavier and will do us more damage in a collision - well that has to be applied when cyclists are around pedestrians, only it's the cyclist that is now able to dish out more damage due to higher potential speeds and how hard a bike frame is compared to skin and bone. We also have to be aware that pedestrians can be very unpredictable with their movements and adjust our behaviour to take that into account, just like motorists have to do for us. Bicycles at least don't kill unlike cars. really? the bike lane is only for bikes? why can't pedestrians walk on the slow speed bike lanes just like how you fools ride on the real roads instead of simply going on the sidewalk. don't give me shit about pedestrians being on the sidewalk because it's not nearly as bad as traffic and people will gladly move out of your way if on a sidewalk... btw if cyclists don't want to hit pedestrians, slow the fuck down like what we have to do for you on main roads.. overtaking is not always an option for us y'kno It's a none fact 70% of cyclist cant ride a fucking bike only in a straight line any major avoidance situations & they are fucked.
They don't read the roads & the hazards, they want to cycle fast whether it's wet or  they have good Tyres or brakes is another matter.
Kids will run out in front of you they will run out in the road be alert.

It's amazing how you can hire or buy a killing machine without any cycle proficiency test or road worthiness test just get straight on it & play with the traffic & pedestrians.
I dropped it to 70% how's that.
I'm a driver & cyclist  & let me tell you the standards on the roads are getting poorer everyday the more cyclist & motorist get away with the more they do it. People are ignorant no matter what. They will do what ever they want and they will be selfish.  No matter who you are and what you are, you have to protect yourself and only you can do that. Is anyone at fault in this video?  This was an accident. If that little girl or the biker was not there at that time, there would not be an accident.  Accident can be preventable and we all have to look out for ourselves.  I am a biker, but also I am a pedestrian and driver as well.  Please try to view the world and situation in other's shoes and this world could be a lot happier. Don't go sooooo fast then. Morons. Looking at that again... What the f*** is wrong with the quiet road alongside the park?
Park Lane it ain't!
Tribeca2011 has to be a Troll. Jesus!
I've been a cycle courier in London and Sydney since the 1980s and still think most """"cyclists"""" in London have a sense of entitlement that's staggering, even by English standards... Yet this takes the biscuit.
There is sod all on that path for several hundred metres to say it's a cycle lane. I'd wager good money that there are no """"Warning! Cycle Path"""" signs to alert pedestrians walking towards the path.
It's a park. Probably with a lot of tourists.
""""It's a cycle lane! I have a right!"""" - Are you sure you're not English?
Why the hell would anyone be using a park cycle lane at the speed the film-maker is going here? Blind junctions all over the gaff.
We get these jerks in London. If I'm cruising home, I may very occasionally use the cycle lane in Hyde Park. If I use it, I cycle at 10mph or so - max. Idiots blast past at 25mph - though admittedly the cycle lane is wider, better defined and has infinitely better sightlines than this one.Normally, I don't use it. Normally, I ride around Hyde Park Corner and up Park Lane at a decent lick.
Sadly, most """"cyclists"""" in London are people with neither the physical ability, experience or self-confidence to ride a bike on public roads. Yet Boris & Co have to encourage them to ride bikes - on the inside of junctions, on roads with stationary queues of HGVs - as some sort of Green programme.
Most cyclists in London are arrogant pains in the effing butt - and they're not even French! bikers preach so much about sharing the road when they are on the roads designed for cars but than they get a road designed for them and its ''everyone stay off our road''...fuck this biker By law you may be right but that doesnt give you the right to go racing in that lane. Have some respect for pedestrians, especially children who dont check traffic. They shouldnt be there, but THEY ARE. +Tribeca2011   There’s also a reason why bicyclists shouldn’t ride so quickly on paths immediately paralleling & intersecting walking paths, and this clip clearly shows what that reason is. moral of the story fuck you cyclist off Shut up Bradford Plummer. that's the consequence of walking on a bike bath. how do they know it is a bike path when the sign on the floor does not run all the way through. in london there is a green path/lane for cyclists and it is painted from the beginning to the end of a path so whatever position a pedestrian joins a path they will know it is a bike lane @Tribeca2011
So if a cyclist get hurts or killed by a car 'cos it's on the road then it's the cyclist fault for being on the road because roads are for car, right? I hate cyclist, they have all there riding lanes but always ride in to middle of the damn road and cry if u beep the horn, bikes has no signal lights stop lights and dont pay for damn tags, i always ride on the side walk and watch for pedestrians dammit is that too hard to do? I had that happen to me before. I was riding on the street next to the sidewalk (sidewalk close to my riding area, the curb), going home from school. I was riding pretty fast. (I'm on the street), then this damn girl just SUDDENLY darted into the street RIGHT INTO MY WAY! Then ANOTHER day, it happened again. But this time a guy suddenly darted right into my way and ran right into him. what a pathetic video. oh call the police your a idiot It was a cycling AND pedestrian lane if you look at the markings at the beginning.

  As both share this area then cyclist need go slowly not at full speed.

  The cyclist are in the wrong on this one. The women Probably set that up so she can sue I would just fly right past them and scare them half to death bad parenting.educate your children where they can walk safely. When cyclists say """"share the road"""" they usually mean """"share the road with each other after I'm done with it."""" That's why I try to avoid going on my local bike path if I can so choose. It's not as crowded as seen in this video, so it's not as bad, but it's troublesome to watch for those who make sudden movements, and especially those who decide to run/walk in the left lane (US), all things that require extra attention and slowing down. As an additional note, this particular path has a bike path and a dirt path, though pedestrians may go on either. Pedestrians clearly in the wrong, walk in a cyclist lane and your risking an accident. Actually look on the paths your walking on. There was no cycle lane there where the littler girl got hit, screw your overlord cycle rights. Watch out for people and ride safety or get in the road with the cars. When I say """"your"""" I mean anyone that thinks the cyclist is not at fault. Now this little girl is going to have issues with her leg for the rest of her life. mom was like - brake a leg darling, girl going - okey mom.... HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING... luckily it wasn't to serious, the girl will live and has learned a lesson I live near a promenade by the sea with a dedicated cycle lane. The problem is that pedestrians walk all over it, fishermen set up their rods across it and it is full of pot holes due to being eroded by the sea.
I can't use it on my bike because the wheels are too thin and get punctured so I ride on the road - better surface and lots of space. I get a bit of grief from the occasional car owner who demands I ride on the path even though he can see it's not possible.
When I used to ride a thicker wheeled bike I would use my bell and slow down for pedestrians. All of this agro can be avoided with respect for each other. Idiocy!
Can't that little girl read? (or her guardians for that matter)
You may say 'serve her right!' (and her guardians for that matter).
Well done you cyclist for stopping in time and not ploughing into the crash scene.
The bike path is clearly marked (1:29)
That's the reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path, and this clip told you so.
Get real pedestrians...........THINK BIKE! dont walk on bike paths. what a stupid path, how about putting a fence down the center so people can't walk on to the cycle path. that might help. Well were I live we have hundreds of miles of bike paths yet the wannabe Lance Armstrong DB's with their tight clothing and yellow jerseys insist on riding in the roadway. The cyclists like that give the rest a bad name. when I cycle I tend to slow down around pedestrians, and make use of the bell to gently warn them, I don't want to scare them. I yield to pedestrians rather than blasting right past them at speeds that could break someone's legs. That's how its supposed to be done. I have never come across a cycling lane on a footpath that was prohibited for pedestrians that didn't have barriers.

Stop being an idiot. No white line after the start so it should indicate that its joint use and its not a race track. Sidewalks play an important role in transportation, as they provide a safe path for people to walk along that is separated from the motorized traffic and as I am not of a real ancient age would think pedestrians came before cyclists. It was a child that was hit and when approaching children or people with dogs I always slow down and normally the sound of the chain dropping down over the gears can suffice that I am there otherwise its the bell, or a polite excuse me, just in case. Pedestrians have the right of way idiot!. The amount of times I've nearly hit people who decided to randomly wonder into the bike path. kid is just trying to get as much attention as possible parents should probably be more careful its the moms fault Welcome to the world of sharing the roads with others.

How do you think I feel when I roll up behind you, in a 100 000 pound truck, and you REFUSE to give me an INCH of the road.

I HAVE to slow to YOUR speed, and wait to pass, because you """"have rights too"""".

The pedestrians have rights, more so than you or I.

Deal with it, this is karma kicking you in the nuts. stupid French, that is a dedicated bike path separated by hedges and there is clearly a side """"walk"""" on the other side This is the attitude of most bikers, type in, bikers hit by cars, sit back and be prepared to laugh your ass off. were where the cops ?  looked like a lot of people violating the law I saw the bike path for the first part of the video, but it's not clear most of the video? It wasn't clearly marked as a bike bath, i saw one bike sign in the beginning of the video and that was it. Poor city planning. Moral is throw all parents in jail for 20 years for child neglect. You let your incompetent kid walk irresponsibly? Hold the damn hand man. It's always kids. Parent them fuckwits. As a pedestrian, a cyclist and a car driver I think it is strange that so many here think its the child's or parents fault. Children cannot be held responsible for their actions at that age.  Accidents often happen where someone fast interacts with something slower that they cannot avoid for what ever reason.  We must all take responsibility for our actions and it is certainly not the child in this situation.  I am a cyclist, am proud to be a cyclist and have every right to be on the road and cycle path.  However, I am increasingly led to believe from many posts, and actions that I see on the road that cyclists are increasingly becoming the tyrants of the road.  Many you tube post by cyclists are also demonstrating that. I hope that we can share space a little more and take responsibility for our own actions.  Lets think about other people more and take account. 
Alex The moral is bicyclists need to slow down and watch where they're going and yield to pedestrians just like anyone else. Firstly, I am a regular, daily cyclist - albeit riding on roads, not cycle paths - but looking at that video, yes, there are symbols painted on the occasional section of the path to differentiate the halves of the path, but for 99% of the path! there isn't so much as a painted line down the centre?! As the path isn't massivly wide anyway, I'm nit surprised there are collisions as unless you're paying real attention you could quite easily wander into an unmarked path completely innocently. Also, there is the unpredictability of children who can easily jump into oncoming traffic without thinking of any consequence. French is gay ffs Fuck! French can't drive anything! bikes should not be on the highways either... Broke a little girls ankle once because she ran out between parked cars, she was about 4 and i just didn't see her. Picked her up and carried her home brought her books and stuff in hospital cause felt bad but it truly wasn't my fault she just ran out! Gospel according to Saint Cyclist:
1) If pedestrians walk on cycle path and get injured by cyclist = Pedestrian's fault.
2) If cyclists ride on roads (even when there ARE cycle paths) and gets injured = Drivers fault.
3) If cyclists ride on footpath it's usually pedestrian that gets injured and cyclist rides off swearing at stupid pedestrian for getting in way. = Cyclist gets away scot free .  .  .  . AND puts blame firmly on pedestrian.

SEEMS IF YOU'RE ON TWO WHEELS, IGNORE THE 'RULES OF THE ROAD', RIDE WITHOUT CONSIDERATION FOR ANYONE ELSE AND YOU'VE GOT A HELMET CAM, THEN IT'S A CYCLIST'S WORLD AND FUCK THE REST OF YOU.

(And before all you cyclists out there shout - I'm a pedestrian; driver; AND CYCLIST - but when I'm on two wheels, I don't charge around as though I own the whole bloody world).

Have a good day! suck it kid There was a perfectly viable pavement (sidewalk) to the left behind the hedge, and it's not as if the pavement was crowded either. They were fools for walking on the cycle path and even more fool them for doing so with a child.
Where I live (Runcorn, Cheshire, UK) there are combined cycle and foot paths and you can't really blame pedestrians for using them since there is no adjoining pavement. Nevertheless we do see stupid behaviour from pedestrians; the two most annoying habits are spreading themselves across the full width of the path and walking while texting. I like to come up right behind them and make them jump by either ringing my bell or loudly changing gear. :-D In general I'm dumbfounded that people don't like Brussel Sprouts - I really do, and broccoli as well. I've found that using a lot of butter (melted over these) just transports them into a new realm of taste. I would urge you all to give it a go! The moral is; SLOW DOWN and move carefully around pedestrians, irrespective of being on the footpath or cycle path.  lol why didnt she use brakes, she didnt go over 300 kilometers per fucking hour ...... Je dirais que ce sont les parents qui effectivement ont mis leur enfant en danger, c'est ça qui est dommage aussi... Everyone is saying it is the cyclists fault but it is not really. A bell does nothing cause people just turn, look at you and then keep walking. why is the stupid woman picking her up and carrying her she has obviously broken her leg that could have done more damage damn!!!! No, the moral of the story is, teach your children to stay off the cycle lanes if you're not going to keep an eye on them. Most cyclists are very aware of their surroundings, they have to. It keeps them alive. Try riding a motorcycle and you'll get an idea of what I mean. Which one was the cyclist? What's the moral of the story......get yourself an annoying bell and ring it regularly. Unless the video is speeded up you're cycling way to fast considering all the hazards coming your way. Just because people walk on a cycle path gives cyclists no right to mow them down. no where does it say that this is a bicycle only path... it just has a bike sign on it to show that bikes are ok to ride here... share the fuckin road retards just like u bicyclist expect drivers to do I would break his leg as well Cyclists don't care when they ride their shit on the fuckn footpath Parent is to blame.  Both cyclist and child are not at fault.  Hope she makes a full recovery. So not only do bicyclists get their own lane on roads they get their own paths on sidewalks too that pedestrians aren't even allowed to walk on? That's messed up... you do realise that this is the same attitude that many motorists take to cyclists, i.e. that you don't belong on the roads, does that mean if they hit you it's your fault? One is supposed to drive or ride with due care and consideration to your surroundings and fellow road users, obviously pedestrians are using this space too and you should be reducing your speed and paying attention accordingly. when cyclists pay rego on there bikes and insurance like the rest of us they can then use the road Where says cycle only? Haha if the young girl was walking on the cycle path why did the cyclist not see her and stop, slow down or avoid her altogether? I think the moral of the storey should be. """"Drink Milk, it's BRILLIANT"""" im a kid but at least i have some common sense not to walk in the middle of the bike path get the same thing in the UK, A cycle patch is for """"BIKES"""" You wouldn't walk down a train track or a motor way. Would you? Just Don't freaking Walk on the DAMN bike/cycle path, what seems to be the Problem???

U the Road on ur left for """"CARS"""", U have the Walkway/sidewalk on ur left for """"Peds/WALKING"""", & U have the """"bike/cycle path"""" for bike/cycle path/roller... LOL By your logic, I should be able to use my truck to plow into the middle age assholes wearing spandex who ride their bikes on roads that were never designed for bikes simply because """"they shouldn't be there"""". I don't care if you claim """"the cyclist was injured also"""". She broke a child's leg. I guess she was entitled to do that because it was a bike path. I hope that stupid bitch got cited by the police and later sued by the parents of the little girl. Hopefully the growth plate in the girl's leg was not damaged. I also hope she did not have to get pins or screws implanted to fix the fracture. Great video - moron adult cyclist seriously injures child but it isn't her fault because the child violated the sanctity of the bike lane. I'm willing to bet that little girl did something stupid like walk in front of a cyclist, kinda like this one, not even looking where she's walking. 0:11 Poor kid. This is why people dont walk on the bike path, I can take both sides here. I can back the cyclist as they have a right of way on a cycle path and the child could have easly walked out without seeing the bike. But they should try and ditch it so no one will get hurt. pedestrians on a cycle path,this doesn't give you the right to maim a defenceless child, your speed and awareness should befit the situation, you yes you sir broke the child's leg with your moronic attitude its a cycle path they shouldn't be there, shame on you,i hope sleepless nights haunt you for a very long time!!!!!! People driving cars have a basic responsibility to keep an eye out for pedestrians, especially young children, walking in the road. If a child walks out into the road then a driver HAS to slow down, and so do cyclists. People hate cyclists because they are arrogant enough to think that these kind of basic principles don't apply to them. why don't you mind your own fucken bussiness What a moronic """"moral"""". The actual moral is don't ride your bike so fast in an area where you can clearly see pedestrians, including children, especially if you are really rubbish at braking. How the hell could that woman not see those pedestrians coming, she obviously didn't even slow down, or bother to have a bell on her bike.

Pedestrians always have right of way irrespective of where they are walking.

If that path is exclusively for bikes, which i doubt, it should be entirely painted in a different colour and signs should be far more obvious. It looks more like a shared path mainly for pedestrians that has bike pics every few hundred metres in order to let people know it's shared. If it is exclusively a bike lane, then that is one of the most moronic bike lanes i've ever seen. Where there is a footpath the pedestrians should use it. Yet there are no laws against walking on a bicycle path or even rural roads in most of Europe. (ask me how I know... it's in the name...) The girl got hurt, seriously hurt. Her leg was moving in a way it shouldn't. The moral of the story as you put it is one I can't stand behind.

The true moral of the story should be: Keep your distance from kids that can make sudden movements. When a kid gets hurt, the adult is responsible. In this case the parents might have made a questionable choice by walking on a path primarily for cyclists, but ultimately the cyclist is going to be held responsible and liable for her actions. Is the whole of the pavement a cycle lane or for both cyclists and pedestrians? Why do """"we"""" have to provide bike paths at all? They don't mix with pedestrians or cars. And there isn't enough space for their own dedicated roadway. Cyclists ride everywhere most of them without consideration for any other user whether on the pavements roads or cycle paths & its always someone else's fault when it goes wrong ! they should slow down & show some consideration for others Watch where you're going.  That goes for everyone be you a pedestrian, cyclist, or motorist.  Be aware of your surroundings. Or drive a car you queer Or drive a car you queer The cyclist's should watch there speed knowing that they know people will walk in the bike lane regardless.  It's only noted after he drives across the street so how is others suppose to know where to walk for example.  I'm not saying the child deserved it, this kind of looks like the crowd that spreads out & just hogs the whole path.  You know sought of like an outdoor shopping mall, where to pass a grp of friends or family you have to walk in the street because they block others from walking past them.  10yr old should know to move out of the way if she see's a fast object coming down the path, it's not hard just common sense.  1 thing I think should be done is that people should be cited/fined who decide to walk in the section of the path where a bike would normally be in. The french just made it so mutch more dramatic didn't it? :P Get out of the bike lane then you stupid French fucks. Yes the cycle path was clearly marked at the beginning but that was it nothing more. No markings to let pedestrians that may stray onto the path to warn them its a cycle way. 
I am a cyclist but I cycle with care albeit that it may be a cycle path just the same as when I drive my car I take care. So many cyclist are selfish people who look for trouble hence the use of cameras a person on bicycle hitting someone is bad... a person on a motorcycle hitting someone who walks/runs in front of them is worse.. sadly people walk in front of me while i am riding my motorcycle and they also ride bicycles in the road like a car and i have almost hit several people because of that the bike lane was not marked at the point of crash so was no bike lane just a path You don't walk on the middle of the road because you might get hit.   This is a bike path not for pedestrians, its not hard to work out ?. pedestrians are allowed to walk on that path, any one saying different is mistaken, or out right lying. ....its also funny to see how many people who replied to my comments thinking they were right and I was stupid, has since taken down there posts, instead of being a man and admitting they were wrong, the same cowards who condone running people over BTW. Ahh well the kid will be fine I woulda said shut up you'll be fine and stop crying it's only a broken leg you can easily get it fixed coulda been your life coulda been much worse I've cycled into someone once but it was a fully grown man but I think he was drunk he said ouch and looked at me in an angry way I said sorry and he was all fine about it and I've been told off by the police for cycling on the pavements twice which I still don't care I still cycle on the pavements with out a care in the world fuck what the police say or think but it's all fine all the police in the village I live near all know me well haha Well sure its the parents fault, but you dont wanna hurt a kid, so when they are around you just expect em to run out in any direction at any time, and if worse comes to worse take the dive to save the kid. On a shared use path like that a little common sense and consideration is required by all users, and that should include cyclists exercising a bit of caution around children who cannot be relied upon to behave rationally or responsibly (that probably applies to a fair number of adults too). Having a bell is probably a good idea too, to alert other users to your presence, although in the ipod age a klaxon or horn is maybe more appropriate. I almost hit a woman once on the bike path last year. I didn't even see her cause she was front of 2 6'+ men and she was probably 5'4. She motioned to cross in the left lane and I almost rammed her. I'm not even a fast rider. Both need to watch out for each other. People will always take walks on bike paths. Just need to be aware. 1:03 Wish we had those in Florida lol. You are missing the point. Its public roads / paths. Therefore everyone not Licensed has the right of use. I am a cyclist & just because there is a sign for cycle path doesn't make it lawful for others not to use. its simply there as a warning that bikes will use this route more than maybe other routes. Funny how when people walk in bike paths you blame them but when you get hurt on roads you blame the cars.  It is sad that you guys blame everyone for your own stupidity. Irresponsible parent I was 6, and i ran across the street. i got hit and broke my femur right in half. Was in a body cast for three months. They didnt ban cars. Hah, I feel for her, but accidents always gonna happen, that is the joy of the great outdoors. Still better than sitting out butts at home typing on Youtube. lol If people are all over the path, slow down, even if they are wrong. Why call the cops? Call the frikin medics It's rude to say but the mother kinda has to be mad to herself letting little children run infront of a cyclist, it's the pedestrians own fault... So next time I see a kid in the road I can run them over? NO. Fucking cyclist always try to act the victim!!! Being from Montreal and  having ridden hundreds of times through that area, there is a fucking sidewalk not 5 meters away from were the Filmer was, for gods sake. Honestly, there's no reason to complain, you were supposed to be on the sidewalk, no excuse. Would you walk in the streets ? no. Would you jaywalk in traffic? no. Then why do it on a bike path? This is why they are dangerous, mainly because of pedestrians Like cars must deal with bikes on the road bikes have always had to deal with people on the bike path...  whats fair is fair.

Its not news that kids are unpredictable.
Use common sense and pay attention and this would be easily avoidable. Where I live (and I presume all over the world) pedestrians always walk on bike lanes. It isn't an issue though because they are either on the other side of the path or I just sound my bell when approaching them from the back. Cyclists shouldn't complain about pedestrians on bike lanes unless there is a big group and they refuse to move, which is just pure arrogance. Pedestrians on bike paths are like cyclists on the road, they are entitled to space. Also I hate when parents can't control their kids, then blame somebody else for their own mistake. The little girl was a 'WHO' not a that.  A dog is a that, a person is a who.  Get your grammar correct. Typical French Canadian of her """"How could you do such a thing?"""" when she was in the wrong! Control your kid and don't let them run around when there are people riding bikes at speed, or at any other place where they can get hurt, especially when you are NOT where you are supposed to be in the first place! Poor girl, I feel bad for her, for being in pain and for paying for a mistake that her parent shouldn't have made in the first place! You should slow down. LoL, The cyclist speaking about regulations. I am a bus driver in london, and i know how many cyclist ignoring the red lights, passing heavy vehicles in the near side etc... Irrespective of whether it was a cycle path or not, if there are pedestrians walking, and an accident could happen, you take all measures to avoid it. If that means slowing, or even stopping, then that is what you have do. Life is never 'black and white' not even if there are signs. Always like this on Toronto's lake shore bike path. You get mobs of people walking on the bike lane. Some people don't have brains, then they complain that we ride our bikes on there board walk. ;D So a cyclist sees a kid on """"his"""" path and runs the kid down, does this mean that cyclist would be ok with a car running him over on """"his"""" road? Or that a pedestrian is ok to thump this cyclist when the cyclists rides on the pavement?

Fucking cyclists should all be sterilized to protect the rest of the genepool from their """"fuck you"""" attitude. Cyclist arseholes only post their onesided footage and only then to get popular approval for being cunts.

It doesn't matter how many people on youtube massage your prostate, you are still cunts in the real world. the kid kinda diserved it, kids just walk around, not really concentrating on what is going on in front of them, they shouldn't have walked on the cycles path.
There is a sidewalk just for them... Evidently there are cyclists in your country, too, who are so full of self-righteousness they can't appreciate the obvious: it's much better to take care not to maim others than pettily to insist on some by law. In my country there is speed limit for cyclists on cycle lanes as well.
This is a very bad situation. It is like in many cases in my city. Children playing, running obliviously, and then get run over by cyclists.
I never go faster than 5-8mph, to avoid hitting anyone. Hope she got okay Is it ok for drive into cyclists who wander in front of my car? You cant share a bike/foot path but you want to share the roads. Looks a bit hypercritical to me. The Packed Faced Left designed the cycle way in such a fashion that it would lead to accidents such as this. The Packed Faced Left should be sued for allowing this situation to arise. The Packed Faced Left must balance the needs of cyclists with that of pedestrians. How can The Packed Faced Left design a cycle way that is inherently  Anti White. Does The Packed Faced Left want to see Ant White cycling popularized in Quebec. What benefits of Anti White cycling is The Packed Fcaed Left want promote in Quebec?. Can Anti White Cycling be ever opposed in Quebec?. Has there been large protesst against Anti White Cycling in Quebec. Has Quebec under political influence from The Packed Fcaed Left has introduced Anti White Laws. Is there a large movement in Quebec opposing Anti Whiteism. imagine them walking in the middle of a street, have an accident and then claim """"why did you do such thing"""" A child walks out in front of a car on the road marked for cars, the motorist is blamed. A child walks out in front of a cyclist and the child is at fault? Cyclists and pedestrians don't go together, there should be no shared footpaths. So, your moral is: kids who wander onto the bike path get their legs broken because it's more important that a bicyclist has rights. Personally, I stop when I see a kid in the road. But that's just me. And I don't think there's a moral to that story, either. ok now. i would kind of change the moral of the story. Do not put a woman on the bike in the way of a woman with a kid. this is what you get then. and if you mean to put negatives to this comment, so be it. be a fucking feminist. Does that mean when cyclists use the road  instead of the cycle paths we can run them over and they can't complain????? Theres also a flip side to this ...dont run over people you can clearly see infront of you. If  you were driving a car does that give you the right to run over people because they are walking in the road? fuckin child killer As a cyclist in these types of tight pathways, i would simply slow down or just stop, there are a small hardcore group of cyclist who are just as bad as some hardcore drivers out there, both think they own the roads and both need to be more respectful of road and path users.....SLOW DOWN AND GIVE WAY!!!! Whats the rush?!! you are  just driving to fast Shit happens, you got your child hurt because you were in the wrong place. Deal with it. Okay so moral of the story, you have your bike path stay on it.
But if you are on a road with moving vehicles and you get in the way its okay for them to hit you right?
Be Considerate. I totally guess wrong the moral of the story...I said that Canadians should speak English! Doesn't this apply for the roads as well however? Roads are meant for vehicles, yet some cyclists refuse to use the designated cycle routes and instead use the road, and then complain and moan when a vehicle gets too close. Can't have your cake and eat it, if you expect pedestrians to stay out of the cycle lanes then surely bicycles should stay off of the roads if there is a designated cycle lane. 

But pedestrians have right of way ALWAYS. Even on the road, if there is a green light and you hit a pedestrian crossing the road, it is the vehicles fault, not the pedestrians. as usual its the fault of anyone except the cyclist, I seen cyclists on the wrong side in your video yet nothing said about them. Blame the victim you reprobate!  You are one of those intellectually lacking individuals who give cyclists a bad name.  Cyclists, like anyone else driving a vehicle, should ride responsibly and look out for the safety pedestrians and other cyclists.  It's cycle/pedestrian path, not a bloody race track.  That poor little girl has a broken leg and your self-serving instinctive reaction was to post your video on Youtube and criticise the victim.  You're a selfish twat! Cyclists should be bound to pay insurance like cars n trucks. Lol, weird, they used to say around the world that my country (Poland) is backward, but as I can see we are far from such dangerous situations like that. Simple, police is just giving warning and tickets for walking on bike paths or red lights, and people are not walking there. If your walking on  path labeled for bikes, be ware of bikes, duh! Parents fault for letting her walk in the danger zone Can't believe how arrogant Cyclists are. They seem to think that if they're cycling then people have to get out of their way. Poor girl. Reminds me of when I went to Amsterdam and if i was in cycle lane the cyclists didnt care and you had to run out the way. Contrast that with the Highway code which says """"you must always give way to pedestrians"""".  All this nonesense with helmet cams too. What if the people in the video don't want to be broadcast on the Internet? You have zero respect for other people. You must become a cop or something, idiot!! ''try to call the cops'' Bike paths should be for bikes. Scrap the shared bike paths as they are dangerous. I've also had an accident as an oncoming bike went around pedestrians into my path. Luckily only our bikes hit. Thats +1 broken baguette. lol that kid is acting like she is dying. Sorry my friend, a good cyclist would never hit a predestination on a layout like that. If you have a bell I did not hear you use it, give plenty of warning. Just because it's a cycle lane it dose not mean some people will not stray into it. I also think you were travelling too fast.
I don't think the attitude, this is a cycle lay I can go as fast as I like, and if you stray into it, it's your fault. You did not see what happened to the little girl, so I think you can't comment. Hope she's ok. it was the dumbs pedestrians fault where did the cycle signs go after 5 minutes? for 3 minutes it seemed like a normal path i fucking hate cyclists, i've intentionally hit 8 so far with my car Give them a seperate lane if ppl are so stupid to walk in the bike lane.. (u don't walk on the freeway either,,, pedestrians have right of way always, so shut up In all fairness, cycle lanes are to be marked at all times.  When it's not, they aren't necessary cycle lanes.  When I cycle and there are no markings but pedestrians are about, you have the requirements as a cyclist to slow down at the appropriate speed.

Also, the woman is an idiot if the girls broke her leg, you dont pick up people with broken bones and walk about with them. Moral of the story: scrap cycle paths. The moral is fucken don't come In front of fucking bikes Slow the heck down when passing pedestrians on a shared use path. If you need to go fast, use the road. Slow the heck down when passing pedestrians on a shared use path. If you need to go fast, use the road. So a pedestrian is a person who is walking on a place where u can't walk on? Like bike roads? 'Better safe than sorry' There are reasons why graham alex should be neutered NO the moral of the story is......when the line stops , so does the cycle lane. hence why you was riding on both the right and left sides of the walkway. go to any cycle lane and watch how many ride on the foot paths when over taking or just because their peddling flat out. Well there is a few problems here that i can see
1--- the cycle lane has not been marked out all the way along the designated path area.
at the stars it is marked out but a little while later it is unmarked, there that says to me it is open for public and cyclists, unless the area is clearly marked out with white lines, it is open to all.
2--- It is clear that while you have pointed out that at the start of this video that the left side of the path was for pedestrians and the right side for cyclists, there were 2 cyclists on the left hand side of the pedstrian are as you rode down..

3-- There was also a person on rollerblades........ on a path used by pedestrians and cyclists..........

4---As you can see there are a number of faults made by the council for that area in not providing a continous white line to distinguish pedestrian path from cycle path.
As you full well know, pedestrians will not keep to a cycle path if it has not been designated or highlighted. The law says , The area must be clearly highlighted , which in this area has not been done so.  and when there are no bicycles on the path pedestrians will wander over.  I think you comments on this video are not correct and i think you need to take it up with the local council who must correct the problem , then you might have a claim if there is an accident between a cyclist and a pedestrian. I will be honest I have walked, and do walk, on cycle paths. However, when I do deliberately walk on to on coming cyclists, so that I can see them, and move out of their way so not to cause an accident.. Not going to say I am in the right, because I am not!.

However, it is the pedestrians fault for the accident and NOT the cyclists. Plus if you suspect someone has a broken limb, do not do what the girls mother did and move them. She put her daughter at greater risk of further harm! Bicycle speed is usually much greater than that of pedestrians. Pedestrian should always have priority and signage should reinforce this. Cycling speeds should be reduced to allow for sudden stopping if necessary. If there is a child playing near the footpath, any responsible driver would slow down just in case they end up out on the road. The same should go for cyclists, even if it is your path for travelling there is no reason not to be cautious. If pedestrians should stay off the cyclist path, then cyclists should stay off the road! If this was a car hitting a cyclist it would be a very different narrative coming from a cyclist, you cyclists can obviously do no wrong, I hate all you cyclist f#* I hope you get run over by car and break a leg and have a motorist say 'oh we'll moral of the story is you shouldn't be on the road. Seriously you sounded almost evil with your """" moral of the story"""" bullshit. If it were my child I wld of sued the shit out of the cyclist that hit my baby. You suck!, If it was a car that hit a cyclist it would be very different narrative,you arrogant cyclist fucks!! In cycle lanes they go like mad, in a road lane they go like mad...and everyone is hateful to them for no reason...yea right... Calling the police? The ambulance is what she needed. You should have called. the. ambulance. Fucking frenchies. moral to the story is her brothers a little bitch Common sense is usually what's lacking in these types of accidents. A cyclist should take more care as they are usually travelling much faster and you simply cannot expect a child to have great road sense. Cycle with care and caution in such situations where a cycle path and pedestrians are co-aligned. When I ride my mountain bike I keep well aware of what's around me and travel at speeds appropriate to my surroundings. COMMON SENSE! Children I can predict are going to step out, therefore I will adjust my speed accordingly. Dogs however, you can't see them sometimes before you hit the Tarmac. I wonder what the end of this story was, did they prosecute the cyclist, did the family seek or get compensation? i agree that they shouldn't have been on the cycle lane but the courts don't always agree. Don't walk in cycle lanes...what about the thousands of bikes who cycle on PADESTRIAN walkways??????? Hope that poor little girl was ok Everyone's saying slow down, but we cant see the speed the cyclist in the accident was even doing. She could have slowed right down but then fallen onto the little girl and broken her leg, if they landed awkwardly. This is why I would just cycle in the road as its not worth cycling near pedestrians, unfortunately vehicles on the road don't care about hitting me one bit. Here in Australia, most of the paths are pedestrian and bicycle, and of course this means you need to slow down when cycling. But of course if it is a bike only lane then it is the pedestrians who need to make sure they don't get hit. I'm guessing that the woman on the bike was travelling at a safe speed, and possibly the little girl (who was not aware of what was going on) ran in front of the bike (as young children tend to do), ending in an inevitable collision. She got what she deserved I think. Moral of the story is, when walking carry a big stick to beat the shit out of stupid cunts on bicycles who run down childern Fancy that, I have the same problem with cyclists getting into my car lane. Not lol shit wrong video hope that little girl gets well soon LOL! ''it's my space so get the fuck out of it or you deserve to be hit'' is an atrocious attitude whether it is from a car driver on the road or a cyclist on a cycle path... It is a public space. If lots of pedestrians are walking on the bit marked for bikes then it must be very easy to wander over. The fact that you have already passed plenty peds on the bike bit should be your clue for speed moderation. Imagine a driver in a part of town where there are clearly lots of peds simply putting his foot down and saying ' it's my space if they walk in it they deserve to be hit'. It's just arrogance. That poor kid did not deserve to be hit. Way too fast,, u r passing people with few inched No 2 ways about it, her own fault. For people saying slow down are stupid, you don't walk on the road and tell car drivers to slow down because you might get hit. Is like walking in the middle of the streets where theres traffics only there not realizing it or dont even care to begin with. The way MOST cyclist think there cars like big strong heavy   mate I'll kick your front tire side ways and youll go flying try it 💤💤💤💤🔥🔥🔥🔥🕗🕘🕖🕕🕓🕔🕚🕙🕛🕐🕑⤴⤴⤴⤴⤴ i have this problem the whole time, and when you almost hit them they have a go at you as if you where in the wrong. I remember when I was leaning with my ex making out against a street-sign in the centre of my city, this woman came out of nowhere and crashed into us - It hurt really bad, the bike rammed right into my hip and stomach. It hurt - and stinged. The moral of the story is we all need to be aware and responsible to each other...so that little girls do not get broken legs, with respects. I find it kinda weird that cyclists get all defensive about the road, saying we need to share the road, but with a pedestrian that goes out the window. 'Pedestrians' shouldn't be in the bike lane', well then maybe cyclists' shouldn't be in the road as well. And I thought just about everywhere pedestrian always had the right away? Yes pedestrians should use the path supplied for them, but if the pedestrians are on the cycle path then slow down, pass with care & even talk to them. And if that concerned then politely let them know the risks they're putting themselves in. Would you not slow down in a car if they were walking in the road or would you go straight at them at speed? Some people turn into a**holes when they're on their bikes. Jeez these cyclists think they own the road. in what country is this? Piss poor attitude, slow down think of others for a change.
You would like it if car drivers drove around you in such a careless manner.
Pedestrians have priority and are unpredictable especially young children. No mate, YOU SHOULD SLOW THE FUCK DOWN around pedestrians. the moral of the story is cyclists suck like really really suck they are that class of people everybody hates no common sense and they feel like everything should be their way and why should we """"share"""" the road with you spandex wearing douche bags if you don't want to share your gay little bike paths wit pedestrians the way i see it you are  getting a taste of your own medicine REAL moral of the story is:

Bicycle = pedestrian. Learn to share the sidewalk. SLOW down if necessary and don't be a D-bag Stay out of the damn bicycle lane, or take your chances mingling with cars and accept that you WILL be hit, likely hurt badly. I broke several ribs and left arm being hit by a car in the bike lane, not to mention a $2500 bike that became a taco. I stopped riding the bike lane, moved the ride to the sidewalk where PEDESTRIANS belong and it's never happened again.. BTW, on the street you do have the right of way by virtue of classification as pedestrian traffic. You do NOT have the right of way by the sobering reality of 3000lb car + 200lb cycle = years of therapy and lifelong pain. Common sense is an uncommon virtue. If it's a bike lane only peds are fair game.  It should be like a game, points awarded for hitting peds:
Young Adults = 10 point
Young Teen Males = 8 points
Young Teen Girls = 6 points
Punks on Skateboards = add 5 bonus points
Old people = 0 points
Children under 4 = -5 points

High score for the week wins! well you cant just walk in the middle of the street where cars are going and the same applies for bike paths it wasnt bikers fault it was the irresponsible parents fault for letting their children play on a bike path Pedestrians have right of way at all times ,I do not see a no walking sign anywhere
a child was hurt and a lot say it her fault for walking there, hope Cyclist got ass sued I would probably say shame on you to the mother Fucking Quebec... In germany you would be """"the bad boy"""" even if you hit someone who is on your lane because he is weaker than you and you have to be able to stop whithout hitting someone all the time... German rights are very idiotic... this day change the france history I understand what you're saying about pedestrians walking in cycle lanes, but other than what is on the """"road"""" at the start of your video, I see no indication that this was a cycle lane only.  I can see no signs prohibiting pedestrians.  As there are actually more pedestrians than cyclists on this stretch, I'm not even sure this is reserved for cyclists.

One of the main problems is that pedestrians are used to having these types of roads to themselves.  I've accidentally walked in cycle lanes myself.  When you're with a group of people and chatting away, you don't really pay attention to what's written on the floor or other signs.

Also, as we only see the aftermath of the accident, it is impossible to attribute blame. I will say this though, if there are lots of pedestrians and especially young children, cyclists need to take more care navigating past them, as the cyclist who made this film shows.  Perhaps if anyone is to blame, it's the local council (or whatever it's called in Canada) for not providing adequate signs. Cyclist make me laugh, one minute they are like """"stay out the cycle lane, it's a cycle lane for a reason for cyclists only"""" but yet they drive all over the roads weaving in and out of cars filtering traffic and complain, moan shout and scream when a car comes close to hitting them! fucking hate cyclist! Maybe its best to put some kind of barrier between the pedis and cyclists?!? Cars hate pedestrians, pedestrians hate cars, but everyone hates a cyclist. Let's hope it dies. no matter what u drive a truck or a bike you must look out for people and other  """"obstacles"""", learn to be responsible for others safety too.
grow up I know exactly your problem man. Im from britain and i cycle everyday as training. Ive got the same issue, the council made a bike lane, but even though there are places for pedi's to walk they still want to walk in the bike lane, i had some really close calls nearly hitting people, so then i go in the road (mainly because i ride a quick speeds) but then get moaned at by car drivers telling me to go in the cycle lane. Ridiculous. its good that she broke her leg. maybe the people who seen it will pay ore attention. Also what a bad mother, if she has a broken leg the last thing you would do is pick her up like that and carry her someone, would just make the injury worse I'm a cyclist. When I see shared lanes, I SLOW DOWN. I really hate shared lanes anyway, as most people just walk all over them, but still, just slow down and ALWAYS expect the pedestrians to wander out in front of you. Get ready with those brakes! In Quebec, Pedestrians whines about cyclists on sidewalks, yet walk on bike paths. And if you go on the road with your bicycle, car drivers get mad at you and honks. Anyone siding with the cyclist is condoning child abuse and should be investigated by the police. Other moral of the story? If the """"separate """" paths are so ambiguously marked, it can only be expected that not everyone will see the marking(s?). In that case, it's more the responsibility of the rider to pay attention to what's going on around them, and to not exceed a speed that they can stop quickly with...especially around pedestrians. hit a girl one time full force with my mtb handlebar in the head .. and father blaimed me.. while he let his daughter walk on the bike trail specialy reserved for mtbs... all i could think of was """"pleas, where are the social services to take your child away as you are clearlly not capable for beeing a father"""" ... actual moral of the story is keep left!! (or right). You should get an IncrediBell or something similar, way easier to signal others on the trail(in any language!). I know what i would have done with the cyclist, but i would rather not say......  Cyclists are tolerated on roads and pathways, but walking pedestrians have the priority. who even thinks it was a bike only path ? the video started with it being a split bike/pedestrian way? then the road markings ended, are we to believe at that point pedestrians are required to walk on or along the street while bike have 100% use of this trail ? that makes no sense to me, and apparently a lot of pedestrians there agree, the only lesson to be learned here is that women cyclist should be raising babies,, NOT running them over to prove some wrong headed point by  you, You should be ashamed of your self posting this terrible accident and posing it as a public service announcement SHAME ON YOU maybe just maybe since the section were the accident occurred there was no bike only signs on  the pavement, it was not you privet bike speedway, why don't you call the police on all these so called trespassing pedestrians ? running over a child, yet still blaming every body except one of your biker buddies, your self righteous arrogant attitude has no end does it ? it's those twats' fault for being in the bicyclist lane. Following you logic then cyclists have no place on the road. Over here in California , redondo beach , you have people crossing the bike paths , LOOKING DOWN AT THE FLOOR! God they even let their little children run carelessly across while cyclist are riding at 15 mph and up . What's even worse is the bike path has sand on it , which makes braking 100 times less affective in a situation when you're about to slam into someone .. So yea, stay off the bike paths and be aware when you cross It's clear to see both cyclist & Pedestrians don't know which side they should be on. further more a safe speed limit should be imposed on mixed paths. What's the moral of the story?

Bike/Drive carefully even its your path. If you see cycle paths like this one and children are around then have some respect and ride slowly.
just because it says cycle path does not mean it's your god given right to do what you want or that someone won't walk on it or a child won't run across it.

If i'm in my car in a 30mph zone and there are children all over i always slow down and i'm on the road.
your on the path riding next to them and dodging them like obstacles use you head or take your book of cyling laws and give your head a bang with it. First off these cycle paths are dangerous for cyclists even if there are no pedestrians in them, it looks like the traffic is two way so you can easily get a head on collision with an impact speed of up to 40mph, which is enough to kill. Of course when you throw pedestrians into the mix it becomes even more dangerous.
The paths are best at the side of the road going with the traffic. I hate using two way cycle paths for the above reason, you are safer on the main road. Bicyclists are outraged when automobile drivers show this same type of disregard for cyclists' safety. It is hypocritical for cyclists to take the same attitude toward pedestrians. DetestableBastard, that is wrong to assume that, it may have been either parties fault. May have been that the child walked into the lane or maybe the cyclist looked away for a second. Yes it was sad having a child be the one in pain but you still can't assume that just because they're younger means that viewers may be condoning child abuse. I'm not siding with either party because I don't know the full story. ahahah drama drama drama I love the reaction of her brother and sister just keep going there fault Wtf it's clearly not the cyclist falt it's a road thats was made for bikes not walking !!! This vile child maiming thug should be publicly flogged. It takes one sick individual to break a child's leg.. What an embarrassment. Cyclists are the very worst human beings. And that is how I feel when a damn cyclist weaves in front of me on the road we didn't see the incident, so not sure how people are drawing such clear lessons. Seems that there's probably some fault to go around. If you're a cyclist and you see a little kid walking, even if it's in the cyclist lane, you should slow down. Same goes for a car slowing down if they see a kid on the road. It's not a good excuse to just say """"he shouldn't have been there."""" LOL so many dislikes. I don't see how this could have been the cyclists fault at all.. and yeah yeah she's wearing flats and has no helmet but that doesn't change the fact this family disregarded all the signage and walked down a bike path when a sideWALK was 2 meters to their right side. That's so sad :.( These dumb fucks walking on the cycle path just make me think of cyclists riding on the road. Stiff they do learn how to read the language don't they, it say's no pedestrians' on bike path's, or don't they read FRENCH... correct but how many cyclists cycle along footpaths with no cycle lane evident its about time cyclists were on the road and all footpaths for pedestrains no exceptions canada i believe Ahhh damn the Lil one got injured bad.., would talk'd shit if where the adult...but common sense people cyclist don't have in general many safe lanes for ourself to enjoy so plz let us have what little safety we do... We have those little bike pictures on our roads in places, so by you're logic I can't drive on those roads because its for bikes only? idiots logic. Bicyclist are the first to jump up and down about sharing the road how about you do the same with pedestrians. """"mais comment est-ce que vous avez pu faire ça ?!??"""" en suivant la piste cyclable, épaisse well it was all her parents fault for taking her that path because its for cycles only... Pedestrian fault. End off.

Look after your kids, if you're going to be stupid and walk on a bicycle lane then make sure you have your kids close by, or in-front of you at all times. Obviously I feel for the poor girl, but shit happens when you put yourself in a dangerous situation without paying attention. The parents should be fined for child endangerment for walking their kids on a bike path.  Why not just walk them down the middle of a busy street, then yell at the car driver that hits them? I dont like bikers but dont walk in the bike lane. It is said the moral of the account is not to walk on cylcle paths.  BUT  we must all remember that small children walk beside cycle paths and we cannot hold them responsible for their actions.  They do not know the rules and they cannot be expected to.  WE, the adults must take responsibility and that means adult pedestrians, cyclist, car drivers and drivers of other vehicles. At 0:56 you can see her right leg broken. Jesus man no need to call the pigs over a broken leg, call an ambulance. 100% accidental. You could be """"boss of the world"""" and live to be 1500 years old and you will never stop accidents from happening. By the time you get to the end of my comment, this has happened again 10 times over in the real world. What is it with the world that we HAVE to blame somebody, some poor cunt HAS to be held responsible for every motherfucking accident No, no, no, no, no. The moral of the story is to cycle considerately around vulnerable road users. If Canadian cycle paths are anything like the UK's then pedestrians are also entitled to use them. Even if they aren't, slow down and take responsibility. If the cyclist collided with the girl with enough force to break her leg, they were clearly riding like a c**t. Just like cyclists should stay the hell off of roads where motor vehicles operate. Moral of the story. Cyclists are arrogant pricks. Traveling far too fast in a built up area, asking for trouble! It must be hard not to want to run someone over when you hear them speak french. That should work both ways then, cyclists, keep off pedestrians footpaths Oh fuck. Look at that girl's leg @ 0:55 OUCH! this is a good thing hit the french whenever you can agreed  a few weeks ago i hit a guy running  it was dark  how ever  i have super bright headlights being its the law in the town i live in   i felt bad for the runner  but it was his fault  he had all black on  and came around the corner and BAM  he hit   he didnt want help  so i just left   im pretty sure his leg was broken  being im not a small guy  and he hit pretty hard any sign that pedestrian not allowed? lächerlich So what someone broke their leg, people are acting like someone died. People need to harden up. seems clear to me with this path being so narrow the Bikes should be on the road this was just a case of errors on both ends.the parents should have payed better attention and the woman should have been paying attention. i have to deal with people on our bike path all the time and sometimes i have to be stern when saying excuse me. but people have a different perspective all together these days no one cares about your fellow man or woman. When the bike lane is not separated by a line you are allowed to cycle as much as pedestrians are allowed to walk. You are responsible to avoid them and cycle at reasonable speed. It a mixed path. Poor lady, she hurt herself smashing into the child. Dumb parents as well. """"How could you do such a thing"""" Really?? Get a grip woman!! there was no markings on the pavement at the place of accident,so the moral is that you should not cycle on the pavement faster then pedestrians can walk!!!!!! Road for cars,pavement for people, what's left may be for cyclists!!!!!! Those cyclists need to slow down? Those pedestrians need to get the fuck off the bike lane. Oh wow. Those cyclists need to slow down. This is dangerous. You also may take more attention for those dangers that are pedestrians?  Is there any rules again'st the fact that a non-cyclist person take the cycle path?  Just relax biking is a sport yes but not a race!  That's the moral of the story Its a bit rich a cyclist moaning about a pedestrian when the most common thing by far is cyclists riding on pavements and through shopping centres ,yes pedestrians should keep out of cycle lanes but compared to the average cyclists ignorance regarding basic highway code its nothing, red light running, undertake (not filtering) ignoring solid white lines, ignoring crossings the list is endless & common as hell in every town and city Despite the path being designated for bikes, it's still smart to use """"trail rules"""" when it comes to yielding. Most mountain bike trails were built specifically for bikes, yet it's still my responsibility to yield to the occasional hiker/jogger/walker even if it means dismounting. If you know the conditions of this trail are going to be more like a MUP, it's the rider's responsibility to maintain speed and control at all times (or avoid the path altogether). Saying """"stay off the cycle path"""" is a lot like those drivers who yell at us to """"stay off the road"""". If you check your local laws you may find that pedestrians are allowed on that path. i am a cyclist, i cycle around 10 k a year, and in all my life I have never pur on my cycling outfit to cycle on a cycling path, children, dogs, families use them, how the hell can anybody just relax and pedal is beyond me.. i much prefer cycling with cars flying past me. """"So just because pedestrians aren't allowed that makes the cyclist right to callously mow down a little girl?""""

Apparently you've never had to deal with children or you would know that they are extremely unpredictable. We don't know what happened in this situation, like how fast the cyclist was going, but I wouldn't doubt for a second that the kid dashed into her path without warning. I cannot tell you how many times a child standing completely still will suddenly rush across my path. Even when I take great lengths to avoid them entirely they always find a way. you can't blame a child for being on the bike path however Moral of the storry that you have to slow dont if you see the person walking.... couldn't that family walked on the sidewalk? At 00:56 you can kind of tell that her leg is broken Several things come to mind. First, most """"real cyclists"""" do not use the bike paths because they are too slow and dangerous as is evidenced here. It is impossible to ride safely at 15 to 25 mph with pedestrians walking about. Reaction time is too slow, and pedestrians are know to walk unheeded right in the paths of bikes. So the cyclist posting here, has not yet learned that biking paths are only used """"safely"""" by very slow bikers, or not at all. Second, Any parent who takes a small child onto a bike path had better watch their kids, because it is like walking in the road with a bunch of cars and it is inherently dangerous and risky to walk among people you do not know speeding by frustrated with the fact that you are making it impossible for them to ride. There seems to be plenty of fault to go around. Cyclist's need to be aware of people around them just like cars have too. I'm a cyclist and I see cars, cyclists and walkers all disobeying the general common sense road and path rules. I have some sympathy with both parties here because it obviously is a well used track by both cyclists and walkers, so common sense as I see it says you need to slow down even if your not at fault. pedestrians always get the right of way.  ALWAYS.  Nobody gives a damn about your precious momentum. I'm embarrassed to say that I am a cyclist. Your arrogance on that cycle lane is as breathtaking as the WORST car drivers on the road. Then bicycles should stay off the streets In England the Highway Code states that pedestrians have right of way over any vehicle - which when you think about it is pretty bloody obvious. nfortunately it seems cyclists think they have a divine right to cycle how they please with no regard for the Highway Code.. whats the moral of the story? ... Non of this would have happened in the Kitchen . Looks like the cyclist here took the same attitude as they often do on roads.
GET OUT THE WAY I'M COMING THROUGH REGARDLESS Do you legally, as a cyclist, have priority in these cycle lanes or are they just cycle lanes which are there to make cycling safer and to encourage you to keep off te main roads? Just ensure that parents keep their kids on a leash. Problem solved. However from a human perspective its not that simple at all. Always yield to a ped in a cycle lane, even though you have the right of way. Hold on here!!!! That cycle lane was not painted all the way along that path, i dont think that is fair to blame the pedestrian! though becouse its a child and probably ran out its not fair on the cyclist, just one of those mistakes! And this is why I only ever ride on roads. And when you see them pedestrians, even though they shouldn't be there what about slowing down?! If you cyclists werent so damn fucking ignorant and slowed down if you see people then things like this wouldnt happen. kids will be kids. same as driving on the road if theres kids walking on the path u slow the fuck dow nand prepare for the worst. im not surprized so many cyclists die..... stop being ignorant and be aware of your surroundings for a change peolpe are stupid some times it looks like a cycle lane at the start but then there are no road markings at the entry points along the journey.  No wonder people walk on it, they think its a path I'm a cyclist and pedestrians are always on the bike paths I use. I slow right down and ask them politely to move to one side, which they're more than happy to do. Don't take risks and cycle fast, its not worth the risk. OK so a pedestrian got hit by a cyclist.  1,  The pedestrian should not have been on the cycle path.  2.  It is up to the cyclist to watch out for pedestrians and any other object that might get in his/her way. 3. Why, when on the road do cyclists run red lights at will?  Why, do cyclists nearly always ride on the pavement where there is no cycle path. 4. Why do cyclists ride on a pavement where there is a bus lane cycle path at the side of the road.  5.  Why do cyclists not have lights on at night time. 6.  Why do cyclists think they can mount a kerb and use the pedestrian crossing?  Answer me this before you blame a girl for walking in a cycle lane please. at 0:56 you can see the girls leg hanging to the side Half the time I see cyclists in the walk lane, half of them don't seem to know how to brake either. The moral of the story is 'cycle carefully if you see pedestrians on a cycle path' One more thing, why are there no visible """"No pedestrian traffic"""" signs ? ? ? Can anyone actually post the law that forbids pedestrians on this path ? and I could also point out the only visible indication that this is a bike path is at the beginning of the video. You got to be kidding me so when someone breaks a leg the whole family has to cry wtf are you serious MERDE! one dumbass down! it is classic situation, walking on the bike path and kaboom! Not a fan of cyclists, but WTF are these peds doing on the cyclist path? Childish twats on bicycles. As i'm not familiar with Quebec law, or Montreal by-law, has anyone actually stated the law that forbids pedestrians ? shit I ride this exact same bike path in Montreal quite often and at the speed I ride If I were to hit the girl she probably would die. If someone's got a broken leg, you don't PICK THEM UP AND SWING THEIR LEG AROUND! Jesus... Totally with the Biker here, We all saw how close the Public where on a BIKE lane, Yet are angered by the fact That by not taking The smartest idea To get Of the lane, the fault lies with pedestrians if they cant read a sign on the floor saying cycle path then its their own fault Should there not be bicycles signs painted on floor every 50ft & a walking man on the other side. Make sure there not faded to, just as dangerous as having none. Happens on NYC bridges all the time. 2 lanes on opposite sides of the bridge one for pedestrians and one for cyclists doing 30mph/50kph easy. Yet people still walk in bike lanes.... French suck that's the moral Play stupid games; Win stupid prizes. I sympathize with the young girl, but its entirely her parents fault. Is it reserved just for cyclists? does it not simply indicate an area where cycles are allowed? where a path and cycle path are shared pedestrians normally have right of way, even when they stray onto the cycle path so the responsibility is on the cyclist to show consideration and caution. That is how it is here in London and even though there are signs in the parks that say pedestrians have right of way even on the cycle track most cyclists either don't know this or ignore it and consequently intimidate walkers by screaming abuse at them because they have put a foot in a cycle lane, or else cycle aggressively towards them to make them move out of the way. A child has been run over in this clip, ultimately this can only be the fault of the cyclist for not being careful and considerate. @InfiltrateDestroy93
Bicycles invented 1817 Automobiles 1886.. The roads were invented for walkers. 
Drivers and walkers are the only essential road users.. Not cyclists. It's a step away from taking the family for a walk on the street with cars - just why? CONT:... using a strictly cycle only path (what seems to be shown at the start of the video). The fact that they are using said path automatically puts them at fault in my books. It's the same as if I got knocked over on my motorcycle while using a bus lane (of course some bus lanes allow motorcycles in the uk but some dont). I would automatically be to blame as I wasn't supposed to be there. So what you are basically saying there can relate to motorcycles. I own a BMW S1000rr (google it) and have very good judgement when it comes to riding in heavy traffic, constantly going from 30mph down to 10mph over and over again. Any cyclist who regularly rides on the road (be it commuting or fun) will know their limit when it comes to confidence at speed. I can easily ride at 40mph with no problems. This is not a road, therefore speed should not matter, what should matter is pedestrians.... Cyclists need to realise their speed affects their judgment.. That's exactly why we drivers have speed limits.. Cyclists should keep their speed to a minimum for safetys sake... 
#SAFETY The moral is be responsible parents everyone knows it was clearly a cyclist lane there was a whole pathway on the otherwise of the bushes if the parents where smart they would of had the child close to them. The biker did nothing wrong. He said his normal running pace was 8.5mph not his maximum you moron. It isn't an illegal offence to go more than 10mph in that area (as it is supposedly cyclists only) but doing 140mph anywhere (apart from the Autobahn and Race tracks) is illegal all together. A cyclist hitting a pedestrian (not a little girl or frail granny just an average person) at 30mph is going to do a LOT less damage that your car hitting them. Think about the accelerated mass of a 1 tonne car compared to a 15kg bike. I would not say X was 100% at fault without seeing clear evidence. The video here does not show too much as it happened in the distance, but this isn't a shared use path, therefore the kid was """"at fault"""". She may have just been playing, not looking around for other people and was unfortunately hit and ended up with a broken leg. Nothing too tragic, not compared to a truck hitting a cyclist and the cyclist dying. However 90% of truck drivers are extremely cycle aware. the Moral is drive slow Real moral of the story is: cyclists are some sort of GODS! They are allowed to be on the roads on any lane they want, overtaking on any side they want, obeing the traffic rules when they are not bored, they can use the pedestrian crossing if they feel like or they can even take the tube if they get lazy BUT when is about a bike path then nothing and nobody can share it with them. FUCK OFF pieces of shit with 2 wheels and a pumpkin head! You're a fucking idiot mate. Just give up. You are only making yourself  look more of a jackass. Its a cycling lane. Not pedestrian. Just like how bikes aren't allowed on foot paths, pedestrians are not allowed on cycle lanes You've just proven my point, you are pretty dimwitted. You contradicted yourself with the comment you did before this one. No, you were not there. Next crazed comment, and try to make it believable without contradicting yourself. lol you fucking troll. The real lesson here:
Drink your milk, it makes bones strong...... Yeah but you are a moron and most police aren't. Grow up you tool, this was clearly a cycle lane, we have no idea whether the kid jumped in front of the bike not knowing it was there. This was 90% a complete accident. Have you never heard of that saying before?
I'll give you something to think about:
-Do you know if the child ran out infront of the bike
-Do you know if the person intentionally hit the person
-Do you know it's a cycle lane, it's like walking infront of cars on the road.
-Do you know the intentions of both parties.
Judging by the cyclists shoe being missing, she clipped the child meaning evasion was attempted and failed. Now please see a psychiatrist, you need one. so cyclist can ram peolpe down just because its your road? well, try to cycle in front of my car next time and I use your video and comment as explanation. sorry U was in my way. well.
U try to make a sad case win fight for more understaning but you only show of as an ignornat bs. Even if U have the right of way U always look for pedestrians, other bikers, cars(it will hurt U just of the wheight differense) so please, be a smart understanding biker... hope girl and girl that hit her is fine now! How about drivers and peds just paying attention. You're not the brightest pea in the pod are you. Self defence is only classed that when responding to physical assault. Where's the proof the cyclist used their bike as a weapon? Again, if you were a cop, you'd be discharged for unlawful use of a firearms and most likely imprisoned for man slaughter. Montreal! so children should be allowed to be playing on a street where there is constant traffic? Bikes win over pedestrians these days reducing the carbon footprint is much more important. Child walks out in front of bike on a dedicated pathway and it's the bikes fault lol no that's an excuse the real accident is the parent not watching there child properly they should be shot stone dead People shouldn't be walking and playing on there anyway, it's a highlighted lane for cyclists, if people are too blind to be aware of their surroundings, then that's their problem. You'd only get arrested for assault, so have fun laughing when in prison. Yes you're right, these """"bike paths"""" are a waste of public money.. Money could be better spent elsewhere.. Fact is the parents should of been watching her. The cyclist did not intend to mow this child down a bike going 5mph could kill a kid the fact is it's the cyclists dedicated lane so moral of the story is watch your own kid and walk on the giant pavement next to the cycle/pedestrian lane... Honistly That kinda voids the whole idea of having a cycle path then doesn't it... I'm fully entitled (given the evidence) to assume the cyclist was riding too fast and was unable to stop when the child stepped out in front of her. Perhaps it would be safer if cyclists where to dismount and walk along this section of path.. You're wasting your own time sunshine.... In that particular kind of case they would still be wrong to react like that if they hadn't actually SEEN how the accident happened. This video could be the fault of the cyclist or it could be the fault of the kid, we don't know. All I'm saying is that you shouldn't assume it's one persons fault when you really don't know for sure. I'm just doing what cyclists do when one of them gets mowed down by a car.... I'm presuming liability... If this was a video of a cyclist screaming in pain because a tipper truck had ran over his legs, everybody would be calling for the driver to be banned and demanding something be done.. Why is this different? Of course not... In the same way drivers don't hit cyclists on purpose. how about bikes on road should us car drivers hit them You're ignorant. You know, walking on a bikers path is the same as a biker cycling on the pavement. Stop acting so tough and get back to real life. How do you know that she didn't slow down? It's amazing how you can judge the circumstances when you did not see the accident at all. """"callously mowing down"""" what the hell is that about? All of the cyclists which we can see in this video are riding at a safe pace, but it still does not take much to cause an injury which is WHY the cycle lanes have been designated. It's more likely to be the weight of the bike and the cyclist which broke her leg than the force of the collision... Being self-righteous and telling people to stay off the bicycle lane when an innocent child is gravely injured is quite callous. I am a cyclist and you are giving cyclists a bad name. Yh but it was t like that the cyclist was riding on her dedicated cycle lane and the child just walk out in front of her. If that happens on the road and a car hits the kid it's the parents fault not the driver/rider facts are facts But the fact is they were there... So the cyclists should have behaved in a safe manner rather than callously mowing down a small child.. If this was a car the driver would have faced consequences.. Are cyclists above the law? But the point is the child shoudl not of been there... There was clearly a whole pavement on the opposite side of the bushes and half a lane so there's no excuse the childs parents should of kept a better eye on her it's there duty not the cyclists! My car can do 140 mph. You expect me to drive slower than that? 
We all have a duty to behave safely.. Especially where children are playing... Better she gets hit by a bike than a car In a cycle lane the cyclist can go whatever they desire it's there dedicated lane. I still think all of this would of been avoided if the lines where properly marked out throughout the lanes that's down to the council so if I was the parents I would take them to court. Children are taught to follow signs ect in school. That's not how a court would see it buddy. If it's clearly marked cycle and pedestrian the child should of been on a walker or close to an adult. It's the parents. Duty of care to look at for that child not the cyclist who doesn't even know them. Honistly there are some moronic comments on here. My normal running pace is at 8.5 mph. You expect me to cycle slower than I run at.
Moronic comment!!!!!!! < I agree with this single previous comment. If you see pedestrians - slow down.  It's simple. The cyclists was obviously riding without due care and attention.. Pedestrians shouldn't be in the road.. Doesn't mean that I can just mow them down in my car for fun.. The cyclist had a duty of care to ride safely where children are playing.. Whether the child should have or shouldn't have been there is irrelevant. Of course, people operating vehicles of any kind should always be careful around pedestrians, but when people are walking where they shouldn't, accidents are inevitable. It's their own fault.

Perhaps the cyclist could've been more careful, but if the pedestrians hadn't been walking in the middle of what is effectively a road, the entire situation would've been avoided. Even if it is a dedicated cycle path, it's obvious pedestrians are using it.. So cyclists have a duty of care. Cool Are you sure that this is shared use? I don't know Canadian traffic rules, but it looks like a dedicated cycle lane to me. There's no such thing as a pedestrian lane. It's always cut in half 'Shared' the pavement is for pedestrian use only. but it isn't a """"shared pathway"""", it's a cycle path. It is awful that the young girl suffered such a horrible injury but her parent/s were at fault for taking her on a walk in an inappropriate place. if they are meant to be shared, I'd agree, if they're clearly for cyclists only I disagree, if you're on a bikes only lane and get hit by a cyclist who didn't hit you on purpose, own fucking fault, you're not meant to be there anyway Why is she even moving her kid? It could easily make the injury worse. Also, on a shared path like this markings really need to be clear and continuous to remind everyone that it is shared - look out for bikes, look out for pedestrians. speeding on a bike lol They're in canada..... it says in the beginning montreal... our 2nd language is french and montreal is one of our french cities where 75% use french as their first language. Fucking pedestrians walking It's their own fucking fault All I can hear is Americans so I presumed it was in America. But still when I'm riding a bile I don't take up the full road I stick to the left hand side nearest to the curb so if a car wants to overtake it's safe for both of us. Is it specifically a cycle-only path or a shared one? If it's bikes only the pedestrians are in the wrong. If it is a shared path the cyclists have a duty of care to other users, such as pedestrians. Nothing like boiling down an argument about cyclists on the road to """"Left wing liberal politics"""". You do understand that left wing and right wing has nothing to do with road policy? But I guess sounding like a bigoted old fart that sees red everywhere and moans about everything is the only thing you care about. And I don't know what law books you've been reading but it does not say that pmsl 'BUD' Exactly like jolly said to the left of the road is the correct place for a bike to be not in the middle or on the right. What I said wasn't something to be replied to as I'm only stateing the facts. Cyclists cause more than half of the accidents. They run a red light causing a car to swerve and kill someone who has followed the highway code or a pedestrian walking by. Getting hit by a bike is nothing like be hit by a car let me tell you that. The fact remais they don't hav the same rights as cars on the road and proberly won't anytime soon Cyclists have a """"God given right""""... God given? I don't recall cyclists being mentioned in the Bible... LMFAO.
Cyclists right to use the road is down to left wing liberal governments over the past century. One swift act of parliament and that right could be removed.
Walkers and drivers are the only essential road users... Not cyclists.
#LMFAO Completely and utterly wrong, if you want cyclists to follow the highway code then motor vehicles must also, the law says that as a cyclist I have a right of way on the road as a vehicle in law. If you breach that right then you are in the wrong and are potentially going to bring me to harm through your careless/dangerous action. Any injury caused can easily be construed as common assault given you decided the action and used a 'weapon' to breach that right..U need to sort ur facts out bud. That license is a priviledge, cyclists, pedestrians & horses have a god given right to be there, the roads were tarmac'd & PAID for by cyclists & lobbied to government by cycle clubs to have the roads 'metalled' Get off OUR roads, STOP killing & maiming innocent people, stop polluting & congesting everywhere..GET ON A BIKE... Funny that because in the UK a survey done by a big car insurer showed that 5.2 MILLION car drivers EVERY MONTH ran red lights (12 Million red lights crossed so at least twice a month/driver) Vehicles kill & seriously injure 25,000 every year (2012 was the lowest ever figure) yet injuries/deaths to pedestrians and cyclists caused by motor vehicles increased by 10%. Motor vehicle drivers should learn the highway code & drive properly, you're licensed to be on the road, cyclists/pedestrians aren't If cyclists want to be equal on the roads they should learn the highway code and stop at red lights like cars. It's in place for a reason. Well from what I see cyclists are pain in the ass they go through red lights and cause accidents all the time. A cyclist should stick to the side of the road not in the middle of the road as the vehicle is alot smaller than a car. I ride a bike most days and I never get into problems as I follow the law. how about cyclist who own a car (and therefore pay) and use the road on bike anyway..

right of way over bike? even if the bike actually obeys all laws and is in their right of way?... Hope not.. accident waiting to happen if people think like that Well no in my opinion cars do have right of way over bike users as they pay to use it. But bike users have right of way over pedestrians on dedicated bike paths!
So fuck you uneducated people who don't know the law and right of way.. Just saying CORRECT JOLLY PEDESTRIANS HAVE RIGHT OF WAY
AND IM A CYCLISTS No Jolly it's not funny, but shouldn't the parents accepts responsibility for their poor judgement in walking in a dedicated cycle lane rather than point the finger at the cyclist at the very least they could have been walking single file rather than block the whole lane?. As for 7mph , are you taking the P, with punitive speed restrictions like that the cyclists will just end up using the road totally defeating the point of the route in the first place Do you find a little girl screaming in pain with a broken leg funny?
Shame on you.... you're an idiot. That's like getting mad at a driver for hitting your child because you let them play on the highway. Trollolololol dude cyclist and peds both in the wrong on this one and as for smashing the cyclist face in if that is you in your pic I doubt you could from the looks of it too much exercise like in your case standing up to quick and you would be on the way to hospital Well, nobody said it was okay, but this is why they shouldn't have been walking there in the 1st place because something like this video could happen. I'm no hypocrite... In my opinion cyclists have no purpose in society and no business on our roads... The only essential road users are walkers and drivers... Not cyclists.. No-one depends on cyclists.. It is a place for bikes, not pedestrians. As far as """"it's obvious that pedestrians are using it so cyclists should be more careful"""", it is funny that you don't have he same attitude toward car drivers, and how they behave toward cyclists on the road, which legally is to be shared. 

You are a  hypocrite! Ok so whilst this girl was getting hit by a bike where in the world was her parents??? The cyclist was in the right but obviously felt bad but how's she suppose to know a little kids syiddenly gonna walk in her path It's called presumed liability... Whenever a driver in an SUV mows down a cyclist, the driver is always """"presumed"""" liable or at fault... So why is this different... I'm merely presuming the cyclist was at fault.. Probably going too fast to stop when the little girl got in her way.. The fault really lies with who ever designed this crazy cyclist/pedestrian path.. It's an accident waiting to happen... Ahhh, that makes it ok to mow down a little girl then.... The little girl shouldn't have been in the cyclists way... So fuck her.. The point is that it's not intended to be shared. there is clearly a sidewalk on the other side of that railing. That is where peds are supposed to walk, not in a bike lane. You're missing the point of the video, and you're also implying that the cyclist who hit the girl was riding carelessly when you cannot infer that from the footage. The rate at which these accidents occur is exacerbated by careless pedestrians walking on a path that is clearly marked for Cyclist use only. Yes, cyclists have a duty to ride sensibly and at appropriate speed. In this case, fault lies primarily with the parents of the child who was *on the wrong side of the path*. Thats to indicate bike users to use that specific side so not to run into pedestrians on the path, what he omitted to you people are the sign posts clearly indicating those paths are for pedestrians also. i know cause I take that particular 'piste-cyclable' often. lol Nonsense it's a footpath that cyclists are allowed to use... And even so, It's obvious that pedestrians are using it. so cyclists should be more careful. In this case there is such a thing, it is a bike only path. Look at the video, note the pedestrian path beside it. IT IS NOT A SHARED PATH. READ THE TITLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If it was a shared path you  would be right, BUT IT IS NOT! IT IS NOT A SHARED PATH MORON.
IT IS A BIKE PATH... In advanced countries, not like Britain, Australia or the USA they have these things called BIKE (bicycle) paths that are reserved for bikes. Is it clear from the other end of the path its a cycling path? Cause after the first 5 metres there is nothing to show that from what I could see. Also the female cyclist shouldn't have been wearing such stupid shoes and not wearing a helmet. I doubt you'd be so amazed by the comments if this was a video of a driver mowing down a cyclist on the """"shared road"""".. Cyclists have a duty of care when cycling on paths shared with pedestrians... Especially when children are about. This guy was obviously going too fast. I wonder was the cyclist arrested. breathalysed and presumed """"at fault"""" like drivers are... Cyclists should limit their speed to around 7mph on shared pathways and sidewalks.. as its not in this country, i doubt it #Oh well  at least all of these foreigners will be getting free NHS treatment............... and by all appearances, there is plenty of space for pedestrians in this instance, on the path closer to the road all of the people blaming cyclists here don't seem to have an explanation for why these pedestrians weren't on the sidewalk Errr yea it does hence why it's called a bike lane meant for bikes only. No such thing as bike only paths, and I live in Montreal too. Peds and rollers are allowed too as you've seen. Maybe if some of you weren't going crazy with your bikes this would not of happened ;) just cause its a bike lane doesnt give u right of way ..nice to show what an ass bikers can be,, just as how reckless you where riding that fast near pedestrians .. now what blame the child.. if it was my kid that biker be damaged goods mate When I'm cycling I slow right down when I see a small child or dog anywhere near the cycle path. The cyclist was in the complete right in this circumstance. How is a child suppose to learn where not to walk if there are no barriers, lines or signs throughout the paths. Please don't reply because you'll only make yourself look silly Common sense does not stand up in court. The pedestrian and cyclist lanes MUST be marked throughout with either a white or yellow line. At the beginning of the path it will show which sides are for the bike users and pedestrians but the councils job is to provide awareness throughout the lanes. In this case they where at fault and this incident may have been avoided if the lanes where in place if this is a cycle lane and only for cyclists it is VERY badly signposted strongly agree.. but it only takes one to make an example. so maybe now people will learn I 2nd what mar0sa said, cyclists need to take extra care on those lanes, as they are always covered in pedestrians, as is the road covered in cyclists. Lol people need to be educated more. If there are no markings to show the cycle and pedestrian lanes the council are liable Same with crossings if it's not marked and a car hits you the driver could turn round and say I didn't see no markings or signs... And the person who got hit wouldn't sue the driver but only sue the council it's there. Job there liable Cycle lanes and pedestrian lanes have to have a yellow line marking them throughout the full pathway untill it reaches the end. Please don't try saying it doesn't because it's facts I work within the correct facilitys so my point and comments are correct. Case closed Well your wrong. It has to be marked throughout the cycle and pedestrian lanes. And yes if you could. I've seen this happen many times same for pot holes if there's a hole in the ground and you break a leg you can legally sue the council for not marking the paths clearly. No they can't. Didn't you watch the video? Actually, didn't anyone here watch the video? This is a lane RESERVED for people on bicycles ONLY. The sidewalk is a step away and is clear from this danger. If I walk in the middle of the highway and a car hits me I should sue the council? Lol... The moral of the story is if it clearly states on that path that no pedestrians on foot are allowed, it is because they shouldn't be going there. Just like cyclists shouldn't go on sidewalks, people on foot should stay off this path. Pedestrians should stay off the cycle lane, and cyclists should stay off the pavement. Never gonna happen. What is it that most cyclists say """"Share the road"""" well share the bike path. stupid french! the moral of the story. do not let womans drive  any kind of  vehicle To be fair it wasnt marked where they crashed. So whos to know any better. apart from the What are you talking about? People should just follow the rules, simple as that. She even had her parents with her, there is no excuse... They shouldn't be on the bike lane to begin with. I love the sound of domestic violence in the moooorrrrning its so good for my soooooooooouuuuuuuuuul just seeing the little girls hurt made me cream my pants parents again You aint kidding! 
Check out my latest upload. Moral to be learned? Be extra cautious around children. They are thick as shit! There is a reason why kids literally run in front of you. Before they are 7 they literally think the world revolves around them.  Look up """"The Three Mountains Task"""" it's really interesting. Probably going far to fast If you know people are likely to be in the way SLOW DOWN MUPPETS!!! That's not a broken leg no way @bob Tyler your comparison makes no sense. and I'm sure every entrance is marked stating that its a bike path.  the girls parents could sue no one, they ignored the rules of a roadway. one could argue due to the accident of them being sued or charged for  Technically the little girls parents could sue the council of wherever that's at because it has to be marked throughout no loose ends. It's like putting a 80mph sign in a 20mph zone. Stupid in the UK there is normally a clear white line down the middle of those cycle/pathment lane/pavement thing me and my friends broke our arms playing on the playground, wrestling in the fields, playing sports, snowboarding etc... Its not a big deal because its a learning expirence and part of being a kid. The kid was a little big for being 3 years old.... How do you she was 3? why are you trying to call police? you should be calling for ambulance. Word your comments better if thats what you were thinking. the parents of that child should have ensured she walked on the part designated for walking and not on the bike path. Ahh, French people in distress = Sweet music to the British Maybe they'll learn to stay the fuck off the bike path in future then The little girl's parents should never have been there since it was for cyclists only.  And yes, slap a fine on them to help keep them off in future. 
But, I have to say I'm with TheDanielCoyle on this:  IMO cyclists should slow down when they pass pedestrians, even if the pedestrian is in the wrong place.  After all, I'd like to think if we were driving a car, we'd slow down when there are pedestrians in the road, regardless of whether they're allowed to be there. It looks like a normal path to me anyway. I get it all the time people walking on the cycle paths it's why I don't even bother with them half of the time. im all for the cyclist in this crash and burn...broken leg, poor kid.  bad parents for walking in the bike lanes oh I see the leg broken now omg looks a bad break as well ! To be honest we don't know how fast the cyclist was going and she didn't exactly look like  the speeding racer type cyclist. A fairly low speed collision can seriously injure someone depending on where they are hit. I had a child literally run right into my path on a shared path luckily I didn't hit him. The Mother is to blame would she walk her children in the car traffic? How do you know the childs leg was broken? they are usually pretty resiliant at that age. Let me break your leg and pay you $30 how about that? I have been in similar situations many where pedestrians have just walked out in front of me.  All I can say is thank f*ck for Avid Juicys! mrcellophane99 - spot on! first cars run over bicyclists, now bicyclists run over pedestrians.  Pretty soon we'll have pedestrians running over small small dogs and small dogs running over small cats!  It's madness! I'm in Calgary and pedestrians walk on the path everytime. I am extremely careful when it comes to children and small dogs. I crashed once(0mph crash, didn't hit anything but my shoe was clipped in) and broke my glasses because a child was walking in the middle of a bike bridge. Some cyclists choose to blast through though. I avoid using high traffic areas if I want to speed, and I coast when I choose to ride in pedestrian traffic. Moral is, take care when riding around vulnerable people.
and no one HAD the get hurt.  It is obvious all through this clip that pedestrians use this path, therefore the cyclists are going too fast. Absolutement. It is not marked as a cycle lane that I can see The moral of the story is if there pedestrians around you cycle with care don't just expect everyone to get out of your way. Cyclists need to be careful around pedestrians just like car drivers need to be careful aroud cyclists (and pedestrians) No, the moral of the story here is to cycle proportionate to the conditions.    Whilst it can be frustrating when pedestrians walk on a cycle lane, it's still both sides responsibility to ensure the safety of others. there should be more information on the road to tell people it is a cycle lane! wy,?...are you planing on running someone over??. if its a bike lain its a bike lain its that simple, FFS i'm sure they dropped you on your head at birth, no big deal. ha They need to make the lanes clearer through the start of the path to the end Get in the right fucking lane And keep bicyles off the motorway too! Know your place, they were probaly walking three of four wide anyway! hahah i live in montreal and its true right over those hedges is a hug sidewalk but i dont get why people dont use it its like that in the parks too! Does anyone know if anyone got sued for what happened? Is it illegal for pedestrians to be on a cycle path? Actually here in the UK Cars do have to give way to pedestrians in most instances. Right beside that bike lane is a 3 meter wide sidewalk.... En francais... je suis desole ma fille c'est tres arrogant et je devraient avoir ont pris plus de soin pour elle It is sad that something like this had to happen to that little girl. I hope she recovered alright. Was there not a sidewalk for these people to walk on? balls to everything else the path does not have markings all the way along to show cycling lane and just peds lane. """"Moral of this story Don't walk on cycle ways"""". That doesn't seem to bother cyclists when they ride on foot paths! We need big bike paths like that in nz I hope the cyclist sued the ass off of that little girl! USA!...USA!...USA! I'm a cyclist and I can tell you that there is a very large percentage of cyclist who are complete assholes.  There is a bike path near my house which is reserved for bikes.  There is a pedestrian path parallel to the bike path.  The pedestrians routinely spill over on to the bike path.  I adjust my riding for this reality.  Many Lance Wannabes take an attitude they they have a right to run down people who get in their way.  Spandex boys really need to grow up. I've read this just after sending the previous message, as much as i respect the laws of different countries (i'm assuming walking on a bike path is illegal) it's all good saying 'in reality' but... it's reality.. I do hope both parties learn :( the poor girl certainly did the hard way. I'm very much pro cycling, I can't help but think, ADAPT to situations, whether or not someone is in the bike lane. You can't just plough into obstacles + definitely we don't have the right to travel fast through obstacles. Yes! people are on the cycle track, i'd have cycled slow, knowing full well who will come off worse. I'm from the UK and we have shared paths, that's probably why i'm feeling like this. I once almost hit someone, it's not nice. Cyclists must take a bit of responsibility. Serve them better I ride cycle too and I will not blame the cyclist at all! They knew its cycle lane why the hell they still use it then blaming the cyclist. I am clearly on the side of the cyclist! Learn spanish and don't ride on sundays. Better yet, move where there is no mexicans. As a parent, would you be incapable of giving your child commands? You are in charge of your child. That kid probably ran out into the way of the cyclist without looking, I promise you that the cyclist had absolutely no intention of running over anybody who got in the way. Don't endanger your son/daughter or other people by putting them in harm's way like the parent in the video. hey, good call, ya, I wasn't sure what to think.. I mean, in this case, if pedestrians are present, like another commentor said, the bigger machine should give way.. but it specifically reserved for cycling, and if people want to put themselves at risk of getting hit, or just by ignoring the fact that its a cycling lane.. its kinda their fault.  The cyclists should be cautious, but not much you can do when there are some kids running around and the kids probably didn't know where they were. Well im sure for a 3 year old... its a huge deal. this is why i push cyclists into the road when they ride on the pavement.  it's ok and it doesn't matter if they get killed by a passing bus, because they were WRONG.  you're an idiot. Jeez,keep your hair on dude!Youre allowed to cross roads as a pedestrian,cars need to give way to you.Also,it was a small child that got hit,children run about everywhere,people have to look out for them.You cannot go down the path extremely quickly if there are pedestrians about,it doesn't matter if theyre allowed there or not.That's like saying if someone decided to walk on a motorway for some reason,cars should carry on as normal and not worry about hitting them because they shouldnt be there it's a broken leg what's the big deal? Moral of the story: walk on a fucking footpath and not on a path which is reserved for cyclists. dumbass. the path is for CYCLISTS. what don't you understand about that? it's completely their fault for getting hit. moron. that's like saying you should be able to walk on a fucking road even though roads are for CARS. stupid fucking people walking where they shouldn't be. give that little girl a smack in the face and shut her up. Moral of the story: Don't pelt it down a cycle lane when there are people with kids, pets etc... wandering about in it. Most places in the world, excl. USA, pedestrians have right of way over everything (except for dual carriageways and motorways) but obviously it would be fucking silly to walk in the middle of the road, but if you do cars have to give way. you might get arrested for related traffic violation or breach of peace or something but walking down the road isn't illegal in itself. In nthis video, I can't see how the cyclist coud've managed to hit these people unless there was some malice intended. dafuq i had a  accident recently, i hit a 15yo kid i was in a rush i couldt stop he just jump into my lane,, lots of people got sttirred up and they sorunded me,, for my luck behid me where 3 massive guys in bike saved my ass.. the fam of the kid wanted money on the spot that smelled like Rat...the police came took names etc,, after 3 days they called me saying this fam does this to other cyclist to get money out of them,.. cant fkn belive it.. I hope the girl makes a good recovery.However it´s the parents responsibility to make sure their children keep off the cycle lane. I'd probably walk on the bike lane if necessary (too many people in the way or just have a bunch of friends together) and If i see a bicyclist I will move out of the way. Yes I agree with you to a certain point, but this path was purposely reserved for cyclist. It's like saying that cars should give way to pedestrian walking in the middle of a lane. In reality that person shouldn't be there, therefore they need to be slapped with a fine ticket. Just like how it's illegal for anyone over 13 to ride a bike on a pedestrian side walk. It's difficult when travelling at speed, whether in a motor vehicle or on a bike. Sometimes, pedestrians need to be PATIENT and judge whether they have time to walk out, or even look properly. Cars and bikes don't go from 30mph - zero instantly. The driver may be the one who hits the pedestrian, but it's not always the driver's fault. As a cyclist myself, I believe that the bigger machine should give way to the smaller. Cars give way to cyclists, cyclists give way to pedestrians. If you are more powerful you need to be more careful. In the UK most, if not all bike paths double up as footpaths, its just a pavement that you are also allowed to cycle down. Therefore cyclists need to be extremely careful on them, personally I'm always extra careful around small children and dogs, as they all react the same. Having two smaller kids myself I don't know how much control you can have on them all the time but I'd certainly be wary of walking them down that path at anytime nor cycling down it either. Clearly the combination is dangerous to both pedestrians and cyclists Negligent parents always trying to blame others. If she was any good of a parent she would have her kids under control and out of harms way. the parents should be telling their kids where to walk to prevent this from happening
blaming others doesnt solve it..
Im always dodging people. Keep pressing 4 :) Pink wearing piece of shiet spandex *unt! Light was red when he hit the lady
I hate some riders never follow the signs, stops etc Dumb pedestrian 2:33 you see her stop, step backward then make a """"OH SHIT"""" face.....chinese bitch did this for insurance scam At 2:13 the light turns yellow. The bike has sufficient time to stop,  he is still a good 20-25 yards before the intersection when he was able to start. When he starts to cross the first  cross walk at 2:15, the light is still yellow, but when he enters the actual intersection at 2:16 the light is red. In New York, a vehicle can still enter the intersection when the light is yellow, which is determined by the second line after the first crosswalk, but they are cautioned that they must enter cautiously and that the light will quickly turn red. They are also told to proceed cautiously. Here the light turned red just as he was entering the intersection, so he is guilty of running the red, but as the light turns as he on the cusp of entering the intersection, he could argue it was yellow. He may escape the traffic ticket, but he is f*kced if the pedestrian sues him. He had plenty of time to stop before the intersection, the light turned red just as he was entering, and he as not cautious, which you're required to do when  entering on a yellow. Under tort law, the pedestrian would successfully sue him. You're a cyclist and at one point you are using a PEDESTRIAN CROSSING to cross and then have the cheek and audacity NOT to stop for pedestrians, for whom the crossing is intended.  By the way, exactly what is so unique about you so as to warrant sponsorship off Garmin. Youtube is littered with people with gps based videos. All cyclists are FUCKING dumbasses. But wtf was she doing just standing there? Two idiots merge as one! They didn't have the right away, she was in the wrong Adrenalineis cojones juice. So women can't secrete adrenaline. Retard alert kids. Retard alert. I dont wanna be that person, but it was an elderly asian lady they jump infront of cars for money she ate that bike for cash! The pedestrians shouldn’t have crossed too early but bikes and cars should ALWAYS start slowing down on orange ESPECIALLY if there are people crossing already. They didn’t slow down and in fact exactly when they touched the crosswalk, it was already red a which means STOP. 

I’ve seen cars drive through orange, which technically isn’t the law but it was at least when there was no people or cars near. 

This was absolutely ridiculous. No, you did not have the light, moron. Fucking disgusting pieces of shits. I’ve almost been hit by cyclists over 20 times at pedestrian crossings when the light was green for me. They never stop in London. They think they can just ride through. If they want to be treated with the same respect vehicles are treated then they should act like vehicles and follow traffic laws. Seems that cyclists all over the world tend to be stupid and not give a f about the law Cycling should be illegal. Completely cyclist fault.  At 2:13, it's already a yellow light. They were far from the intersection. 2:15 light turned red and cyclists were in the middle of the intersection. They had time to slow down or stop.  But they wanted to beat the red light and actually speed up so they would not have to stop at the intersection.

Also she stopped so that you could avoid her and maneuver around her cause she didn't know where u were going. These dudes are terrible riders. In vietnam, traffic is much worse, there are no lights, and motorcyclists can still avoid people in tight spaces. Terrible bicyclist, he could have easily avoided that.  That lady seemed old and to have cognitive processing 0roblems, we don't know what was happening to her so let's not blame her too much.
It's obvious she wanted to cross, but the car to the left was there so she took a step back but didn't see the bicyclist What is his bike doing up against the parked car 4:49? The rider filming caused it! Nope, you went through in a red. In the UK last year, a third of all road accidents involving pedestrians were caused by cyclists. Three pedestrians were killed by cyclists. Over half of collisions involving a car and a cycle were found to be the cyclist's fault. Pedestrian in crosswalk so cyclist is 100% at fault , just how it works here in PA She asain. If asain women driving is  bad I don't know what to say about walking. He had 3 full seconds to stop before the stop line,typical of people today, racing the traffic lights claiming they can't stop. You're on a bicycle, if you can't come to a stop in 3 seconds then you need to get rid of the bikes and start walking. The lady was too nice,she should have put a big claim in That lady literally walked into him... wtf is wrong with her??? Why did she stop then go backwards she wants money You know, it's 100% illegal to ride a bike through a cross walk....like you did. If you want people to obey the laws, maybe you should too?🙄 BULLSHIT what a dumb pedestrian My friends and I used to chant as we walked arm-in-arm down the sidewalk """"We don't stop for nobody, we don't stop for nobody, ..."""". For some reason these cyclists remind me of those days. Why you go through an amber light?
Anything other than green means STOP! You need to control your vehicle at all times. Stop making excuses.
Spandex boy was riding way too fast to stop, and into a crowded intersection. Yet another example of the menace to everyone that cyclists are. Beat the shit outta those cycles assholes Stop riding your bike in the crosswalk. For any vehicle a yellow means stop not run the yellow, not speed up and run the yellow, fucking idiots Cyclist and pedestrian at fault, cyclist running a red and pedestrian crossing before walk signal comes on , so walk away and thats it Why did you stay far from them for a long time. They wont eat you. Pussy boy.3:16 Yellow light mens you must stop here in europe. Seen a cyclist hit a man and then call him “jive walkin muthafucka”. Happened in London this year. Only because you have the light dosnt mean you can drive without looking ffs in this case th3 bicylist have to put in normal street....rememember when u r riding on the city you hve to maintain normal speed ...its not a highway...you r surrounded by mamy people...you hve to keep in mind..seriouslyy... In my country it’s very easy to ride a bike, so it’s really different. 0:45 le echas cojones jajajaja NYC has the most entitled D bag  cyclists around Damn yall hit her with the knee then the shoulder to the face xp One time a dude with a bike ran into me, and he just drove over my belly 😆 ( he hit me, i fell, and he ran over my belly with his bike 😆 ) What was that boater doing in the middle of the road?  Lol The AUDACITY of that woman to park herself in the crosswalk while you blew a stale yellow. Queria eu pedalar tão tranquilo assim por SP haha. WTF is it with you cyclists travelling at the speed of light and disregarding the rules of the road putting pedestrians at huge risk.If you lycra clad slim
Jims want to do speed trials go join a cycling club with a track. Ok, so not a great situation colliding with the pedestrian, but could have been so easily avoided.  Cycling in London I see it all the time...you just slow down.  Simple. MORE of this shit needs to happen to make pedestrian pay attention, stop crossing illegally and stay the Fk out of bike lanes . Why are cyclists always obnoxious knobs they always believe they are never in the wrong the picks.. Cyclist filming sounds like a right wanker Light was clearly yellow long before the cyclist entered the intersection, and changed to red while they were in it. 
This is why cyclists need to carry liability insurance. uber kak. Cyclist enter the intersection during a yellow light, was in the middle of the intersection during the red light and failed to adjust his speed for road conditions. Bikes suck Guarda che il cinese fa apposta a farsi investire ! and here's me thinking it was just UK cyclists that are blind and stupid, why didn't he brake never mind who's right of way it was. the light was on red at the time of impact 2:33 why are they walking if its in stop bruh
Then at 2:47 thats the right time to walk can't they wait for they're turn? So he rests his bike against someone's car DEAR NYC TRANSPLANT BIKERS: STOP MOVING TO OUR CITY AND STAY IN YOUR SHITHOLE MIDWEST AND SOUTHERN STATES WITH PLENTY OF SPACE. THERE'S A REASON WE NEW YORKERS HATE CYCLISTS Cyclists scum hope you got hit by a car a graze your knees So pink does hurt I new it ... poor kid . she now knows what a NFL QB feels like getting tackled Fuking dumbass It was yellow when they tried to cross and turned red when they were still in the box. Bikers were at the wrong, they tried to beat the red light. 3:24 guy on moped literally makes right turn around body in street and doesn’t hesitate. That’s NYC. When i see people stop in the road like deer in the headlights, makes me want to hit them with my bike. Video frame 2:13 case closed. That cyclist is a douche bag, regardless of the lights. I miss the New York rush Stupid pedestrian they had a dont walk sign fuck them She stepped back because she couldn't cross as a car was coming in the other side. Then she didn't realise the bike was coming hence why she took a step back He's wearing that bright pink """"look at me"""" color no healthy male should ever wear.

One of those elitist cyclist? You rode straight into her you dick Red light Indicating ugly pink cycling clothes I get that way when I snort coke Joey diaz im from north bergen In UK all motorists and cyclists must stop on these crossings if someone is crossing or waiting to cross. No excuses.

I hate the white man crossings in Chicago. What is all this turn on red crap. It is so bloody dangerous. It was red for pedestrians so it was partly the pedestrians fault, BUT the cyclist clearly could see the person and didn't even try to stop. So it is still cyclists fault for being a massive dickhead. Press F to pay respecc COME-ON man...learn to break...these retarded cyclist should learn how to ride We are cool... Typical Americans at least Im from Britain 🇬🇧 lolol No offense but bro had enough room to swing to the left cyclists will get no respect until like all other road users, they are registered and licensed. Until then they are fair game to target. Cameras in the vehicle are the best way to protect your self from the ignorant cyclists.... Idiot pedestrian enters a road against a red light.  Idiot pedestrian gets hit.  Careless rider went through on the yellow when he could easily have stopped.  He was required to stop if it is safe to do so.  Which I believe it was.  However that in no way excuses the pedestrian who was the primary cause of the collision. 4:30 What a sad excuse of a human being in pink shirt.. """"i had the light right?"""" Who cares, you don't have the right to run people over.. Since you could not stop you were going too fast! I’m pretty sure the situation at 2:14 was the pedestrians fault. The sign was red, meaning it was not your turn to go. And then, she stayed right in the line of the crosswalk. How the fuck do people function in streets like this? Why was she walking when the hand was on stop. What did you expect bitch bikes need to stop for pedestrians. follow the rules of the road. we need to give bike use license. Well tjis was boring I would've kicked that cyclist right in the fucking teeth. Mother fuckers want to be on the road with trucks and cars and yet they never yield or come to a real complete stop let alone look for pedestrians fucking goofs everyone who rides a bike like that What I seen is the guy on the bike swerve into the pedestrian. People in the crosswalk have the right of way. No excuse to hit them. The pedestrians first response would be to step back. The morons that try to make it seem like it was her fault is well. ... they're morons. Enough said about that. Si se dio un buen putazo la señora ,.. 😬 The punk kid cyclist is too close, too fast and running lights. What is the application for tracking speed, ect that you use? pedestrian moved back last minute into cyclist ! could have easily been avoided Light was red !!! cyclist would have easily seen pedestrian wtf 0:00 you had time to stop Don't you dare drop your stupid bike on my 1994 Honda Accord 2.2 liter inline 4 fwd 4 door sedan VTEC redline at 6400 rpm making 145 wheel horsepower 5 speed manual transmission f22b1 naturally asperated 16 valve She stopped and got in the way on purpose!!! Sue her!!! Target acquired! 2:15 1:24 'we'll keep that between us' proceeds to post on YouTube I hate cyclists :) They’re no reasons to post your buddy hitting a woman.... do you want revenue or something??? IT LOOKED LIKE SHE BACKED INTO HIM Wth she just standing there At 2.13 the traffic light is yellow that is clear. the cyclist continue pedalling, now About 10 meters from the corner. There is red when the cyclist starts to cross over.
As i Can see the cyclist contuinue pedalling directly towards the Girl even He should know she could come in danger. Nice! Chinese lady was moon walking😂🤣 Cyclist isnt in complete wrong. The woman stepped back to be hit by him. I wouldnt be surprised if she was a scammer Cant believe that lady took a step back Failure to yield to a pedestrian...write him up. First the cyclist says you can """"fuck around with women and they do whatever you want"""" and then sees an old lady crossing the street and doesn't slow down at all. Fuck him. He her because he is an idiot, typical biker riding with his head down. She was a stationary target. Hahaha china cara de verga you hit her to make a point.  That makes you a cunt. you are supposed to slow down on yellow asshole... ass always no rules are applied to yall disliked! idiot cyclists Silly goo ker Pedestrian should never walk forward and then back , cause undecided causes the accident, bicycles commuter, slow down when approaching pedestrian lane, I don't know man, I ride my bike every day and I can say the biker is at fault here. Get those reflexes up boi. Usual cast of cycling haters. I've lived in many of the world's most crowded cities. None are bike friendly. Even uncrowded cities are  dangerous. People are not tuned into cyclists so they don't give them their attention. I ride on trails for bikes, shared by pedestrians, who do the most idiotic things that endanger themselves and the cyclists. Bottom line: You can't accurately predict everyone. When I get near people on the trails, I'm on the hoods, slowing down, and expecting a hairbrained hazard. When it happens I'm prepared. If it doesn't, I'm pleased. another example of cyclist being arrogant and aggressive in this video is here: https://youtu.be/sYWPHHo0fPU?t=318

Cars are backing up in car lane becaues of congestion on the right side of the road.   Cars well in front of the two side-by-side cyclists can see this ahead and should clearly have expected the cars to move to the left to get around.  So, instead of coming into a single file themselves to get by on the left, no, the move side-by-side as if to say """"I'm here and I'm a cyclist, so get the fuck out of my lane.""""   Then, instead of stopping or slowing, the cyclists SPLIT UP, with one committing the very violation himself that he commits a battery on the taxi for doing, even thought it was expected well in advance, and moving with the flow of traffic.   The cyclist here was the major problem not the driver of the taxi or all the cars in front of him.   The cyclist felt ENTITLED and in the process committed at least two crimes himself, I did this once and I hit a older lady and almost hit a small child thankfully I didn't and everyone was ok but I wasn't paying attention because of thy feeling you get and even on a pedal bike dick head in the pink get up...  couldn't even dodge an old lady.   fucker has no business riding in the city she got what she wanted smh Stupiddddd Yup on the yellow F More assholes on bikes Yeah theres this thing called """"brakes"""" I agree with the cyclist on the first conversation about women being sextoys. If one clearly listens to his words, """"you just fuck with her and she does whatever you tell her to do..."""". So, she is actively listening and agreeing to the sexul acts, she is not being forced at it. She has to grow up and admit and say, """"yes, I agreed to be treated like a sextoy."""" What a fucking dick bag.. It was her fault, should have been looking at the directions b4 she crossed 😑 It the bicyclist fault. 1 your riding with friends some are in the bike path and some are not. Pick one. the pedestrian moves back cause you and your friends are all over the place. 2. You went threw a red light. 3. You were going too fast as to not have enough reaction time. And this is one of the many reasons I think cyclists should have to get a license and insurance. The pedestrian started to cross and stopped. A red hand was clearly flashing. She was an older woman who didn't look peripherally enough and should have stepped back quickly. The light was red when he entered the crosswalk and hit her......just another pink spandex clad asswipe   end of story i know that the cyclist were right - but - could we be a little bit more gentle with pedestrians?
i know it was his first day, but i mean for the community - when it's good for pedestrians it's usually also good for us. The oh shit face she makes 😂😂 Thank you for having showed that experience The light looked pretty RED to me when you proceeded to run that lady over hit at 15 mph 5:52 """"we're all trying to get to Work"""" ... They are working... ...they are driving Taxis... Both people at fault.  Easy to avoid that one from my position. the pedestrian light was in red to the woman crossing the road was in the wrong not the cyclist Can we stop talking bout who's right or wrong and ask why the fuck he wasn't looking ahead what software and hardware are you using for the overlay? 0:17 TAKE ME OOOOOOOOON TAKE ON ME Diskbrakes, when do you roadies learn from your mistakes.😏 Pink shirt cycling dude was mesmerized, hits pink shirt dude as he remained perfectly still, turning into a statue and hiding in plain sight!
Pink shirt cycling dude forgot there's a thingy called """"turning"""", """"carving"""", """"zigging and zagging""""and """"slicing and dicing"""" on a bike. YOU DON'T OWN THE ROAD!!! Fuck these cyclist. Slow tf down at  mf pedestrians!!!! this aint a movie ,move and dont stare at the cyclist just coming at you like wtf Pay more attention to your surroundings and you wouldn't have gotten a face full of shoulder He looked like he went faster when he knew she stopped and she stood back to get hit Cyclists fault,  he should stop till she crossed  ffs Pause video at 2:16 ...it says it all Who else disliked just because they hate cyclists The guy didn't even anticipate what the pedestrians would do. Get out the way she should of been aware yes..but he spotted her from a mile away and could have swerved. he wanted to teach her a lesson. im a cyclist in nyc so occasionally i have to purposely speed by an asshole purposely standing in the way...just so they can feel the wind of me flying by. or if a person clearly sees me riding and decides to give 0 fucks and tries to step forward to cross and make ME swerve, ill speed up  n fly right by in front of them so they can learn to move out the damn way. as cyclists we all do this BUT!!!!  i never once tried to bulldoze some  lil wrinkly old bitch!! I HAVE MANNERS!! NAHHH AM JUS PLAYIN 2:16 Didn't know you're exempted from stopping for  pedestrian crossing? Never know, it could be a truck someday. Good luck i saw the lady step back 1 step. However, the three cyclists ran that red light. The light turned red as the guy in pink bike, his front tire was on the outside line of the crosswalk. The yellow light was on for 4 seconds. He could have stopped, but the other two cyclists definitely ran that red light. yellow mean, prepare to stop, not go faster or who cares. we are not in mexico, where """"stop"""" signs and signals means nothing. idk why the person stopped in  crosswalk? they were walking and just stopped? might have missed being hit if they just kept going. 2:13 here I saved your time :D Keep pressing 4:) 22subscribers 1234232123112633 videos I'm normally supportive of cyclists but this is completely irresponsible. You don't carry on hacking towards pedestrians crossing just because you think a light gives you the right - it does not! No cautionary action was taken. Total lack of consideration, further proven by the casual way he props his bike up against somebody's car. I hope the victim sued the bollocks off you, you twat. Stay out of the bike lane people!!!! Wouldn’t happen if you were on the fucking sidewalk dickhead Zebra crossing means stop The cyclist didn't even slow down when pedestrians were crossing. Completely hit the lady full force. What a complete moron, she hit her head on the pavement. Cojones joice Are modern day cyclists blind or stupid?... Or both? Banned all bicycles from busy highways and fast paced freeways, you know no human can drive 55 or more it's  hazardous more than anything they get in middle road hold up traffic you know if a mopad can't keep up how does a bicyclist expect to keep up and most bicyclists are breaking the rules anyways God, if I lived in a city like that I'd be insane. I don't know how y'all do it. red light means nothing Dude she was walking forward..stopped..stepped back and then bam he hit her. She wanted him to do it on purpose They wanted to be hit You didn't attempt to slow down at the yellow light and ran the red light. Yes, she was careless, but you were at fault. Why do all cyclists look like ugly ass baby chickens....? that bus in the beginning was playing Take On Me lol I watched it three times, you ran the light. Parallel curb lines rule. The light was red before you enter the intersection. The other problem is there was no reason for that guy to hit that girl the bike wheel turn unless somebody welded the bearings in the head, then he could have at least tried to slow down.

Yeah, beautiful bike, too bad he doesn't know how to avoid somebody standing perfectly still that he should have been able to see from at least 20 feet away. But a bike can't make me a meal she wasnt supposed to be there but neither was the biker. Biker completely ignored the yellow light and it actually turned RED way before he reached  cross walk (watch the video again from 2:11 with 0.25 speed). That's why we need to slow down especially when we see yellow light. Court of law usually not kind to drivers or bikers in accident like this. If you hit pedestrian when you run red light, there isn't much ground for you to fight the case. Guess she won't stand In the middle of the cross walk anymore She looks like she was too distracted in trying to cross the street before the walk signal came on. Plus she's old so her reaction time is slower.  He was too distracted with trying to beat the yellow light.  Both at fault. Obviously he's not supposed to stop in the middle of the intersection, he should have been applying the brakes way before passing the thick white line. The law states that on a yellow light if you can safely stop, stop. If the light had just changed to yellow while he was at the white line then it would be legally okay for him to cross because he wouldn't have had enough time to stop but as you see in the video the light immediately changes to red once he reaches the first crosswalk after the white line implying the light had been yellow a good while before he was even close to the thick white line. She shouldn't have  crossed either since it wasn't her turn but ultimately the man should not have crossed that intersection. If this scenario had been cars  the man would instantly be found guilty. What a stupid woman, who stops in the middle of a sidewalk/bike lane?? she was the one who caused it. 2:16
Red light did not make it Was she a scammer. Asians and Europeans do that shit The light was re if you look at 2:16 you ate the light you are on the pedestrian line if you look carefully you the lady biker in pink. Y’all mfs stupid for blaming it all on the Old Lady and accusing her of intentionally doing it. Are you guys blind? She was crossing with the other group of people which is typical for New Yorkers but then realized the signal was still red and instead tried walking back to the sidewalk. Besides she wasn’t even looking at the cyclists direction, doesn’t make sense to think that a 60+ year old lady would risk theirselves to get seriously injured just to sue a cyclist. The cyclist should get some blame he should’ve been a bit more aware and go slower if he saw that many people trying to cross. It's a stupid asain standing in the fucking street KO!! 2:17 is when the lady gets hit Last time I checked, yellow means yield. 2:37 at this moment u knew she fucked up I blame the women she goes latterly were the bikes ride go behind the car and stick your head and peek and the man I blame him just a little you see someone who is dumb enough to do it just stop but I blame it one the girl The light actually turned red when the cyclist was crossing. That old lady stepped back because she was trying to avoid the car coming from the other direction and the other cyclist with gopro. That wasn't really the cyclists fault. 

For starters, they went through a yellow light which only turned red once they were about half way across the intersection. That's fine, they're allowed to so that.

You can clearly see the entire time the cyclists are approaching that the pedestrian crossing light is RED, and was for a while. The lady was jaywalking, therefore she wasn't even supposed to be crossing. If you're going to jaywalk, you need to be very aware of your surroundings, especially at an intersection.

Secondly, she is extremely clearly not looking in the direction of the oncoming cyclists. She's looking towards an oncoming car in the left lane while she's still in the right lane. She should have been looking towards the cyclists because that was the lane she was jaywalking in and the direction she was at most risk from.

She then, for some reason I can't figure out since she wasn't in immediate danger of cars and was already crossing through a light that had been red for an extended period, decides to start walking backwards. She doesn't turn to look until she hears someone saying """"woah woah woah"""". Stopping then is fair enough, she's old and reaction times aren't always great. She's still in the wrong here though. 

As for the cyclist, he was traveling at around 20MPH, judging by the counter on the bottom left of the screen. That's high speeds and on a bike, neigh impossible to slow down quickly and not get thrown off your bike or lose control. I cant tell when he started to brake, but even if he had started as he entered the intersection it's highly unlikely he would have stopped in time. Also remember, until the last second, the lady was still walking forward.

In Italy, they have a thing where if you are a pedestrian and crossing the road, you HAVE to commit. Drivers will see your speed and trajectory, and go around you accordingly. Obviously, this is what the cyclist was intending to do. Had she not stopped and walked backwards, without warning or looking for dangers might I add, he would have ridden behind her and everyone would be fine.

Obviously it's the lady that got hurt, but she was 100% in the wrong here. Had the traffic light been red or the crossing light been green, the cyclist would certainly be at fault, but not in this case. Both at fault, woman should have been on the pavement untill it was safe to cross, cyclist should have been looking where he was going and not looking down at the road. 1:42 Franz Ferdinand!! O yeahhh How does that even work you don't have insurance I'm assuming since you ride a bike.. you hit someone at speeds of 30+mph you can kill someone. Wow..... Some twats don't know how to use the brakes 2:10 the light changed to yellow well before the bike rider entered the intersection. He should have stopped at the start of the intersection. All drivers/riders must travel at a sensible speed. The pedestrian was crossing against a red light probably and not looking either. Must be in the USA - DUMB and DUMBER all round. Dummy must stood there and not moved away.  Why didn’t the cyclist go around. Okay, she froze in the crosswalk when she saw him coming, and she even took a slight step backwards as though she really didn't know what to do.  He started through on a yellow that changed to red as soon as he entered the intersection.  But here's the kicker.  He's on a freaking bicycle and if he didn't have his head totally up his rear end, he could have easily avoided hitting this woman.  He had plenty of time to stop of maneuver around her.  Instead, he did not reduce speed or even attempt to maneuver around her.  He's either an idiot, or a jerk....or both. Pedestrians have right of way especially on a pedestrian crossing It's a pedestrian crossing and dickhead pushbike rider thinks he's got right of way........ Cyclist want same rules as cars. But once they're at a cross walk or stop light. Suddenly they want rules of a pedestrian. Dickhead Next time used the forearm. She was about to go, but stepped back because it was probably too late, also there so many other people walking on the same line as her Oh someone woke up and decided to be hit by a bicycle who saw how she stepped back i think she needs money casue she might have done that to sue someone This is why if your a biker always have a camera on u Big ass checks BACK TO BACK the biggest lawsuit ever 😹 Omg old or not don’t be stupid and al backwards 🙄 I don’t feel bad and seeing her sitting there rubbing her stupid elbow 😂 how about following the road rules and stopping when people are crossing, everyone wouldn't hate cyclists if they weren't such ignorant cunts Damn, New York is crazy Why'd she back up 2:16 





Thank Me Later What sexist shit though. How deranged are you to think what you can just play with a woman and """"she'll do whatever you want"""" stupid fuck cyclist. they should all be lynched. More then enough time to react. Dumb asian bitch, she should have said sorry for stopping in front of him. I would have just kept riding. Bikers cant even watch for pedestrians, if you guys are sharing same road as cars comply same rules. Maim all cyclists!   Snap their spines!   Put them all in wheelchairs, drooling stupidly and peeing in a diaper.  That'll slow them down.  Scofflaws; bullies; arrogant; opinionated.  Ban them all! Cyclists fault!!!!! Cyclist wasn’t even looking. Had his head down Pretty annoying how she just laid there acting like he crippled her bitch get up out the st walk that shit off On red while still entering junction, obvious potential hazard 20 foot away? Not one touch of the brakes, why? Because he felt he had the right of way, self assured lot cyclists, dangerously so it doesn't matter whether you have the yellow or green.  you didn't stop.  you continued to hit the pedestrian. Was he even looking ahead at all? Slow down a fraction and you can stop safely. In soviet russia, babushka break you Old asian lady was following the black woman ahead of her that crossed during a red light, when the old lady realized it was red she moved back... Despite whether who is right or wrong. As a fast moving object.. you need to slow down incase of some idiots who decided to jaywalk. No excuse. Stupid ass runs the lady over, doesn't attempt to avoid hitting the poor woman, PUTS HIS BIKE ON SOMEONE ELSE CAR. talks like nothing happened and that lady was at fault, andddd has the temper to not even ask if the woman is ok?? Wow man I hope this cyclist gets plowed under a semi for doing stunts like this... I guarantee if it was a car that was about to turn he wouldn't have ran into it The bitch moved, she's alive🙄 Now  chinese doing this shit abroad 🤣 2:15 The bikers enter the intersection with a red light. They had like 15-20 meters when the got the yellow light and all of them decided not to stop but to accelerate. The poor lady saw 3 bikes coming at her and didnt know what to do. As usual the bikers acted recklessly. was it an older woman?
the bit where it’s paused you can see the terror in her face. it wasn’t her fault. i bet she just moved out of the way of the cyclist with the gopro thing, then we obviously didn’t see the person in pink. i hope she wasn’t hurt. poor person. free replay buttons 
2:30
2:30
2:30
2:30
2:30
2:30 bicyclists look like such fairies and always have """"sassy"""" attitudes. Its hilarious when they get mad, they are wimps and cant do shit. Asians are bad at walking too, who knew not surprised, even the way he talks degrading about women shows his egoistic callous patriarchal character. hope he gets hit by a car one day, he won‘t be a loss to humanity. That's mostly the bikers fault for cuttting through pedestrians at speed... But its also just an accident.

BTW, everyone hates hearing your tunes. Get some headphones and stop playing dj to the rest of the world. Your music likely sucks way more than you realize, especially when its playing on a shitty little speaker. It's fucking annoying. 2:17 wow she stepped back in the biker's path What a bunch of wankers cyclists are. There was plenty of time to hit the brake on bike so it was the cyclist fault It’s the lady’s fault she literally stopped in the walking path and the cyclist tried to stop and yelled so they lady was stupid and didn’t move You people probably kayak as well.. This is a perfect example of why so many people think cyclist are douche canoes. Yelling to keep a 6 foot buffer when passing them, then going around a pedestrian with less than 1 step clearance and not slowing down. Get on a bike trail and not the road where cars drive!!! That was great when the cyclist hit the illegal alien WHOMP.  Cyclist's are a nuisance and maybe they will all get into a accident with a vehicle and break their legs. Hello insurance fraud Bro...you have definitely NO IDEA about what the expresion """"cojones"""" means. When cop said """"Thank you."""" 25min later.. I thought you were going to say, """" I got pulled over."""" Lol I rode today and Gardners were blocking bike lane cutting grass and edging, I said """"you can't park here."""" They started cussing at me in spanish. Stay safe. Fucken cyclists dead cunts Poor old lady, she clearly tried to get out of the way but judged incorrectly. That's someone's granny :( He obviously wasn’t carelessly flying though the light. Yes, he was going fast, but you can clearly see that there would have been a clear space for him to go through. That’s when the lady stopped and stepped back, right into his way. She clearly was oblivious, but we can’t blame the cyclist for seeing a reasonable clearing to pass and not slowing down. The spandex stops byciclists from being able to see. It must be very hard to ride a bike 6:14 BOOSTED😍 Cyclists need license plate on those bikes and take a test. I hate u guys and wish I can run you all down without going to jail. He sees the lady from a mile away an still hits her like if the bike is like a car an can't stop lol. Fukin fool, you clearly see ppl crossing the road an you don't slow down 1 bit in til it's to late that God that wasn't a child now adults have to explain to there childeren to watch out for cars an idiot bikers lol If I had a dollar for every pedestrian I almost hit because they crossed the cross walk illegally, I could retire twice. At least the bike rider didn’t just pick up the bike and go. He at least talked to them Cyclists are self entitled asses, see so many times they dont follow the rules of road but expect everyone to respect them. If you can't do the speed limit stay off the road. More assholes on bikes. More obnoxious than any motorcyclist or car driver.

That dick saw pedestrians and didn't even slow down for them. That woman saw him coming and tried to avoid him. He could have hit the brakes or swerved to avoid her. He chose to be a cunt and hit her. Stupid stuff happens.  Sometimes you gotta pick your battles. Cyclists had red light Bopping to take on me 
Anyone else 😂 What do u expect from a biker wearing pink Nah, he could of dodged her easy. I’m sorry but even in the thumbnail you can see the red hand signal meaning don’t cross yet. If you’re gonna cross the street when the signal is telling you not to then at least look both ways before crossing. So do they not make bikes with brakes anymore? hits child followed by up beat music Even if the pedestrian is crossing on a red hand she is still on a crosswalk. And riding straight into her even with her bracing or stepping back whatever is ridiculous. Replace the bike with a car and the rider would be charged with driving without due care causing bodily harm.

A bike is a vehicle just like a car and should be treated the same. If using a bike on a public road cyclist should be required to have basic road insurance. Retardbikes at it again why dont u fucking turn your handle bars mofo and not run her over TAAAAAKE MEEEEEE OOOOOOOONNNN poor lady! 0:03 she moved back so she can get hit Yeah it was on a yellow whyy the fuck would you film from.so.far away..fucking idiot 2:15 Asshole. Don't care who is in the right or wrong, it is  better to keep all eyes open when using the road.  I akin this incident to this - what if it was a child who was walking across the pedestrian crossing?   Is everyone going to blame it all on the child or the cyclist.   
At the end of the day it was simply an accident, an avoidable one, but still an accident.   I hope both are ok and have gotten over their ordeal. Dumbass woman shouldn’t stand in the middle of the lane.  I hope the bikes okay. JAYSON R  WHEN A CAR DOES THE SAME THING IT IS THE CAR DRIVER AT FAULT , SO SHOULD THE BICYCLE SHOULD BE THE SAME RESULT AT FAULT I don't understand, the distance from the lady still far away, how can the cyclist not brake 😗 Roses are red,
violets are blue.
There is no asians
worse than you. She probably thought she would get money, she didn’t think their would be a video catch her jay walking and to see that she actually step out in the crosswalk and the stop and step backward into the cyclist, I hope she is caught in the scam she tried to pull. Now i want to see the same circumstances with cyclist and car This lady She had stopped and went back “NAH I’m playing” Why is he sorry? Dumb woman crosses the street, without even looking to the left, that's like the first thing you learn at the primary school. grand theft auto in real life Cyclists cringe 0:03 2:15
the lady was walking, and just stepped back unexpectedly. the cyclist definitely thought she was going to keep walking.
the lady looked to the wrong direction
the cyclist was probably biking pretty fast, and he probably tried to brake but since it was fast it would take longer to slow down Is she was white or black, this comment section would be clean :) I hope you pay some... Thus is gold 😂 As dumb as she is, riding a bike that fast in a populated city is what douchebags do, and most bikers are douchebags. Okay it looks like a old lady No one gonna mention the biker leaning his bike against someones car after he hit the lady? Beater or not id still be pissed He went to swoop close behind her like an asshole then she backed up because reasons lol. Unlucky day Looks like New York. This happens often so often in fact that now one bothers to ask anymore and it’s usually the person walking. This man is not to blame. One time I was riding down a long hill during a green light and a lady with her daughter darts out to run while it was a little clear got hit by my bike then by the car next to me I’m like dam bob so this was pretty tame New York is pretty amazing. At the end you have two cab drivers arguing while waiting for the lights. That bitch crossed the road during a red light and that trick ass dumbass was walking and when he came she walked backwards and stood still. How tf are people blaming the dude. Why the fuck would he use the brake, when she fucked walked into him last minute it's also normal and legal for him to pass the light when the lights about to turn one simple fact people seem to be forgetting whether you are in a car or motorbike or bike its up to you to watch ahead and anticipate hazards and adjust your speed hazard awareness basic highway code you are supposed to slow down and expect pedestrians at crossings not go as fast as you can to beat the light you lycra wearing poof Both cyclists and pedestrians were at fault 
Cyclist didn’t look ahead 
Pedestrian was just stupid What a dick. He clearly could have slowed down. when anything feels like a toy mostly heavy machinery in factorys, cars or bikes on the road , thats when operators die when you get so cofortable doing the same thing every day you loose focus.  you dont see that car or person or you think your machine press is locked out and go inside to never come out Maybe know what camera you are using, it going to help us a lot..
If possible Amazon link would be amazing.. I just watched the vid in slow motion, that cyclist was a long way away from that intersection when that light turned yellow. He had plenty of time to stop. The light was yellow, the cyclist should have stopped at the light. 딱봐도  한국아지매네 ㅋㅋㅋ Jajaja pinche madrazo alv I’d be throwing his bike if he leaned it on my car, typical arrogant fuckwit in lycra, can’t afford a stand due to spending all his money on looking like a dick How ... Not paying attention to your surroundings on both ends here. Both are at fault here and the vids clearly shows her J-walking  and him running the red light soooooo not sure who has more blame here.. cyclists are shit! get the fuck off the road!!! Stupid pedestrian, I hope the bike is ok. Anyone recgnazing the outro from macie? 2:27 red light and biker is across the street. Why did they lady backup into the bike when she could have kept walking like the other two ppl Is that a insurance scammer Same thing happened to me while I was riding my board this lady just stopped right in front of me. God damn insurance scamming scum I woulda knocked 'er back to the rest home. 2.26 definitely red light.
About fifteen meter to the Child.
But continue forcing the pedals.
As I Can see his Racing. You in the car followed to see how fast He are alle to make a distance from point A to point B. That is Way he is Forcing.
You VIDO15. You are together with cycle. Otherwise you would not have stopped. Time zero: cyclist drive over when the green had SWIFT to yellow and then continue with full force over 
The street cross. He should have stopped according to trafficrules. They are the same all over.

The Girl start walking over the street before there is green light. This accidents is classical, Both one
Did it wrong. The Girl is a schoolgirl and a Chile. The cyclist is an adult, maybe familiefather.
He was the Risky  because He made himself a blind man according to the trafficrules. You shall stop at yellow light not continue driving the pedals by ekstra force. All of you stop when yellow. Dont cross walking while the light is still red. I have been in N.Y. And I could see half of you pedestraint and cycles
Do not respect the trafficrules. Every body is complaining about the lady...SHE JUST HIT BY A FRICKIN BICYCLE!
I feel so bad for the lady and the man, did you see her face.😭 I feel bad for people on bikes. people in cars have zero respect for people biking and do not even care to look out for them, Or people for that matter. Where I live we get hit and runs all the time because people only look for cars but not people and bikes. If the red was against her has anyone come to the opinion that she started to cross while the light was green for her to do so and then it changed red?  Possible Asshole pedestrians never obey signals Lol yeah it was a pretty sexist joke but doubt he meant harm. You did call him out and then say you'll delete it/edit out smh. You a Bitch for that Sure the one in pink running into an old lady Dont blame her for taking a step back it was obviously a reaction maybe she tought that she wouldnt get hit that way ..The same thing happenend to me Cyclists are retarded cunts.

Don't obey the road rules but expect cars to obey.

Arrogant cunts at think their shit is more important than others SHE Gonee!! Ya everyone knows if you see a pedestrian crossing the street you should hit them. J walking or not bike or car you should just hit them. What are breaks. Pause and play:

2:35 at that moment he knew he fucked up. It's her fault but pedestrians always have right of way You shouldn't walk backwards in the cross walk I love how quick he was to say sorry. Boring get a better safe form of transportation ok. She looks Chinese. And she also looks like she purposefully made herself get hit. It's no wonder really, they're crazy about frauding insurance For all the people who's on the biker's side, can you please watch the video again. If you can see the biker is still on the other side of the road when the light turn yellow. He really intentionally run the red light. Then he continue pedaling hard till he hit the old lady. Please watch attentively and don't just go into the comment section and saying non sense. Clearly the biker is at fault here. His buddy even turn around as if they don't know each other to let the police know that they did not run the red light and they got it on video. Then show the video to the cop so the cop will know who is at fault. He and his buddy should be sued by the old lady. Put those stupid bikers in jail. But hasn’t anyone actually noticed that the light was red for pedestrians??? So the woman crossing shouldn’t have been there in the first place period SHEE DIDNT MOVE WTF Bicycles have to follow the same laws as cars! If not they are dangerous!! This video definitely didn't make me like cyclists that's for sure 😒 Fuck the pedestrian. Fuck. 
Dont play victim you asshole. TAKEEEE MEEEEE ONNN 0:20 
Somebody is playing Take On Me Not all the laws about yellow light are the same in each state.

Wisconsin State Statute § 346.37(1)(b) states:
“Yellow. Except as provided in par. (e) and s. 34639(2), when shown with or following the green, traffic facing a yellow signal shall stop before entering the intersection unless so close to it that a stop may not be made in safety.” To anyone confused about who was in the right, let me break it down for you. If you need proof, go frame but frame and see it for yourself. 

The cyclist, on the road or in the bike lane, is the same as a vehicle. They were coming up on a green. Around 50 feet, going 16 miles per hour, the light turns yellow. The pedestrian crosswalk is RED. No one should have crossed. Of course, this being New York, these fuckers won't look both ways OR wait for the light. The cyclist basically has to yield to everything, even though they have the right of way. The cyclist was in the right, the pedestrian was in the wrong. I mean some ppl dont pay attention Stupid cyclists all selfish wankers. Why bike Lanes so stupid in America anyway All scum. Sound like complete dicks as usual think they have more right than anyone else when they are the fucking problem on most roads cycling dickheads. The Biker hitting the lady. If I would be the judge on that I would say both are at fault. The lady should not step into the crosswalk until her light gives her the green signal and as a smart pedestrian looks both ways before going. There are many idiots out there driving cars, bikes and in the end its our life, spinal, ability to walk that if we value then we need to be precautious. And the biker it’s at fault. He saw pedestrians crossing street illegally from a distance. If he would have slow down he could have prevented this. The urged to get the light green/yellow he did not cared about safety. Both parties here are at fault. We have laws for our safety, and a green light gives our right away but always be careful because we share the streets with stupid and idiot. They are real and they are out there. Please can someone explain to me...how is it ok for cyclists to get annoyed when someone comes in their lane yet cyclists think its okay to get in and out, through and around other vehicles? You cant have the best of both worlds... Dont lean your bike on someone car either dumb fuck you should know better smh I'm sorry guys but that cyclist could of stopped and should have the skill to do the right  thing. Instead he choose to be the reason why so many people hate them and actually enjoy seeing a cyclist get run over. I had similar experience To that lady i was 11 a biker hit me And i almost fell and him too then he insulted and spit on me A 40 years old man  😢😢
The accident was my fault entirely  the street was empty i Said to myself no need to look left just cross the road 😁😁😁😁 The roads look like a zoo. But I love the bike lanes! I hope things get better! Roblox death sound intensifies* I hate Bicyclist, either be a car and ride in the roads or be a bike and ride on the sidewalks and bike lanes that are made for you idiots, you guys fucking suck. Your video shows that you guys ran the light Cyclist fault, end of story.

Makes me angry that he thinks it's ok to lean his new bike on the parked car, you should never touch another persons car.. 0:04 """"4. The cyclist should have yielded to the pedestrians, but this is NYC and yielding to every jaywalker or pedestrian is often not feasible.
5. The cyclist should have been aware and predicted this crash, he seemed to have been distracted.""""

If I'd been the cyclist reading that situation, I would have thought the ped was walking across. They stopped, took a step back, then froze - the time frame in which to recognise that they were going to remain in my line of flow would've been too short for me to brake and too erratic to know which way to swerve to avoid them. 

Maybe the cyclist should've given them a wider berth to be on the safe side - but in which direction? To the right - into parked cars and the pavement, or to the left - even further into the path of the pedestrians travel at a time the decision would have to be made?

A lot of pedestrians don't check for bikes when stepping into the road because they only look when they hear a motor vehicle. It's a shitty accident but the ped was at fault and I don't really see what the cyclist should have reasonably done differently short of coming to a complete stop whenever passing within two metres of a pedestrian in case they're about to do something erratic.

(Although as a general comment about road positioning this is why cyclists should do their best to ignore cycle lanes and keep pace with the main flow of traffic in a dominant lane position, such as where you were when approaching the crossing - you're in a more visible position, have more space to manoeuvre, get more time to react, are less likely to be doored, and don't invite close passes. If a passing car doesn't have enough space to pass you in a dominant lane position, they don't have enough space to safely pass you in the bike lane.) You guys are not observable at all. The old lady was about to cross the street seeing the other woman that was already crossing it thinking they were good to go then realised the red hand signal was still shown so she stopped and backed away to safety. The biker was irresponsible because he rushed to clear the road on a yellow (which btw means STOP it doesnt mean accelarate unless you are not able to stop in time learn your traffic lights you morons) and since he illegally rushed the traffic light the least he could do was avoid hitting the old lady. """"well keep that between us""""

And here we are The pedestrian is run over the exact moment the light goes green for her. At this exact moment by no means a vehicle can be in the crossing area, less at speed. The recording guy even ends up crossing. Pedestrians always have Right of Way, so your arguments defending your reckless behaviour are irrelevant The lady stopped and stepped back. What was he supposed to to? He didnt have time to react. 

I hit a kid (7-10) on a bike while on mine because he kept switching the side of the trail he was riding. I looked down to avoid a pothole looked up and he was back on my side of the trail again. I mean it was her fault she couldn’t cross Just my perseption, after watching this video in it's entirety. Thanks for the slow motion.
Like the stupid cager that opened the car door (12 seconds into the vid) while a moving bus was along side.
 The stupid rider chould have stopped as the light turned yellow (2:13 seconds in) with plenty of distance from the intersection. I'm pretty sure that the light changed to red as you went thru the intersection, although it's not on the video.
According to the rules of the road and DMV.ORG, the yellow light means the following.I quote:
""""Steady yellow lights signal that the light will turn red soon. So, you must either come to a safe stop before the crosswalk, or, if you can't stop safely, proceed with caution through the intersection before the light turns red. Remember: Uou can still receive a traffic ticket if the light turns red while you drive through the intersection. A yellow light doesn't necessarily mean """"Hurry!""""
End quoteYes, the pedestrians should not have been crossing without the light. But the fact is that the rider had time to stop safely and should have done so.
As the pedestrian wasn't looking at the riders, this person was assuming the intersection was clear. Backing up would be a natural reaction to seeing that you are walking against the light.I hope that no one was seriously injured. Well all I know that cyclist it’s a Terrible untrustworthy friend I hope he has to go solo on his adventures next time Bikers behave like car drivers plus """"the road belongs to me and only to me!"""" they are the pest of the streets worldwide! With that many people in the crosswalk, it seems like the common sense move would have been to wait at the light and proceed on the green. Wether you have the ROW or not, pedestrians are vulnerable just like the people riding them. We all have to look out for each other and not just focus on your own thing excluding others and being essentially inconsiderate of their safety and other essential human rights. This lady should have looked if she was just going to walk out,  but nobody here truly deserved to impact anything. Think of others — if we all did that we wouldn’t have to think of ourselves. 4:44 Sign was red, meant not to walk..
s i g h But also cyclist should’ve stopped when the light turned yellow.  Why he couldn’t stop, sped too much. That's why you look both ways before crossing the street Cyclist should have slowed down and taken more care when idiots are ahead Please learn some rule Ooh fuck you its a pedestrian! Learn to fucking stop Your on a bike, and you where racing to beat a yellow light from 150+ feet away. Your an idiot. Can't stand 75% of you mofo's.
Leave NYC and go back to where they breed you The lady's fault . Both sides she watches out 2:30 foot on white line, 2:33 both feet in the black line before it. She stepped back. Make what you want of it, but there's no denying that she stepped back. The cyclist is at fault after first running the light and then proceeding towards a group of pedestrians at full speed while trying to thread the needle.  If you did that with your car, it would be considered reckless.  I commute by bike every day, so I'm not against cyclists... he's just in the wrong in this situation. I would hate being in that situation... it would also be so awkward Stupid american cyclist. Learn the rules of the road! But if you're not intelligent enough for that, stay home and don't endanger other road-users. BTW, I have a sports-cycle, a recumbent cycle and a folding cycle. A big Citroen car in NL besides that and a Ford in LA CA. Greetz from NL and please, learn how to behave yourself. She asks for it though. I ride my bicycle to work and this often happen. You ring the bicycle bell and they just ignored you and you can’t stop on time and hit them and then they blame you for it. 1:40 fuck off with your shit, you fucking tumor. There’s acres of room to go around and no one else i using it. Some people think yellow means """"keep going"""" what a stupid lady The dude at 5:19 is a savage. Are you allowed to do that? What a shit cyclist. Goes through on amber which means”prepare to stop” then can’t steer out of the way? Has no road sense . Look at your traffic laws. Yellow/amber means STOP essentially I'm driving motorcycle. Why cyclists are not stopping during red light? No discipline You shouldnt overtake right before/ on an intersection no? These cyclists think the world stops for them....
FUCK THE BIKE LANE She backed up her fault i dont get get why she peeked out into the street looking right , when immediate traffic was on her left multiple cyclist where inbond to her direction then steps out and back , what the fuck is that , ??? """"It's like a woman, you fuck it and then you do whatever you want with it.""""
Several people are typing...
""""NAH I'm playing."""" Don’t let people outside if they can’t cross a road properly everyone is either saying the cyclist or the pedestrian is wrong. WE NEED TO BRING ATTENTION TO THE ASSHOLE IN THE BEGINNING OF THE. CLIP, STATING FALSE FACTS ABOUT  WOMEN. if i remember properly, I have never done anything for a guy like that. we are strong and we have power. if men or women like this want to “joke” around and say these stupid phrases, that’s fine. just remember, if we don’t give birth to YOUR KIDS, this society will end. so I suggest at least acknowledging us being just as powerful if not more powerful then u. maybe I won’t bless u with a child. maybe I won’t grow a baby in my uterus, and give birth to it FOR U. while u stand there grossed out at all the blood, etc. U see. Being hit by a bike fucking hurts lmfao and being ran over And cyclists wonder why people fucking hate them they think they are above the law I feel bad for both of them but mostly the Asian woman, she looked fine but she probably was old so she must have been hurt much more than the cyclist. I feel much sympathy for her and hope she is okay. 😓 You heard about MVAs and now you hear about No motor bike accident Even if that cyclist had the right of way, he should have slowed down instead of assuming that he’d be able to cut right behind that pedestrian at the speed he was going. He was going too fast to do an emergency brake when he knew he’d be passing that pedestrian relatively closely even if she had kept walking forward in a predictable fashion....but pedestrians aren’t always predictable, so to keep them and yourself safe you’ve got to ride cautiously and defensively around them. I live in the city, in a high tourist area, and I am always very mindful of oblivious or distracted pedestrians. However, it looks like all the cyclists in this video, cameraman included, entered the intersection when the light had already turned yellow. So, like, even though she was crossing too early, all y’all should have stopped and waited for the next green light. Is she okay Yellow Light Means Stop!!!! For All.... You cannot see me are you blind ?
Don go anywer don go anywer I know the pedestrian was at fault too, but still, the cyclist should always slow down when crossing over a crosswalk, and is he really that blind or just super slow at reacting; clearly there was someone in his way. 🤦‍♀️ """"We'll keep that between us""""

Took me a second before I realised and choked on my drink. Someone needs to send her back to school to learn how to cross a road. How you going look to the right before you step out when the flow of traffic coming from the left?! On top of that since the light was going from yellow to red for the bicyclist there is no way it was green for her to cross. It was a red light but it turned red when she was already going so it was a joint effort don't pause in the middle of the road and also check a red light Q amo el señor esté q dice con cojones😂😂 0:50 that woman walk and stop, most hated for the driver Cyclist should pay more attention to the surroundings and slow down and pedestrian shouldn't jaywalk. Also, the light turned yellow like 15yards before he even drove hit the intersections, so plenty of time to maneuver. To me, they're both equally guilty. Why are you so special that German should sponsor you , buy your own stuff and quit looking for a hand out !! Meh.... bikers suck D: They were both wrong...he could've also slowed down but no...he wanted to make a point even though he did not know if that lady had some sort of disability that impaired her from thinking fast. So they were both at fault And you fucking bicycle riders get all offended and act like the victim when someone in a car hits you! Maybe you douche bags should follow the traffic laws when you ride and shit like this won't happen. Better yet, why dont you guys stop riding your fucking bicycles in the fucking street. You know they make off road bicycle trails just for that reason. Just because you're on a  bicycle doesn't mean you are exempt from traffic laws, like speeding, not signaling when you turn, etc. Staged bull shit, wonder how much she got paid?
Notice she sees him and adjusts herself to be hit!° As you can see the lady in pink started crossing when the lights were still green, then they turned red when she was still on the road. She then noticed it so she instinctively stopped and stepped backwards to regain the pavement. At that point she hadn't realized that there was a cyclist coming in her way. CRAZY cyclist Fkg entitled piss wheel riders, road rules don't apply to them huh?, sue the lyrcasumbitch with his own footage. Bastardos.... Don't worry folks that old woman is going to burn in Hell for not obeying traffic laws. Everyone is quick to judge this poor old woman. She was copying another pedestrian who started crossing when the hand was red. The old lady realised this after already taken a few steps out. She stopped and took a step back, but it was too late. Stop hating the lady; she clearly didn't do anything intentionally wrong and paid a price. Pedestrian in the crosswalk you stop , common sense. You hit one your going to pay . Too many idiot comments on this video who say the cyclist was right. At least here in Canada, doesn't matter if you ride a bike, motorcycle, drive a car, truck... you blow past a amber/yellow light and hit a pedestrian, you will be found at fault. And that will affect your licence/insurance. The guy on bike is fuckin idiot, traffic light went yellow 100 ft. before he entered intersection , should have stopped. Typical dipshit  in a hurry , disregarding traffic laws . Bike lanes show be outlawed here is why we hate people on bikes.  he hit an old lady and still he trying to weasel out of it.  fucking scum. “cojones” juice... the fuck Waiting for racist comments about asians. Dont generalize pls Incident rough road conditions ...


Try Belgium. It's is a scam. This happened to me except it wasn’t even at a crossing and I broke my arm, ended up in hospital for two days and needed to have my arm straightened as well as an operation Welcome to New York City lmao Poor hazard perception and even worse reaction times. Cyclist definitely had the light. Woman was at fault. NYC .... Full of A holes i like watching these so i can judge the people like don’t just stand there u have time to move!! clueless asians have no respect for westerners That person shouldn't of stopped on the crossing and the cyclist should have stopped for the pedestrian...but atleast the cyclist was using a bike lane for once Come and try to ride your bike like that in The Netherlands. Try Amsterdam for a change.
The pedestrian was wrong, but the bike too.
You don't have to ride that fast. I actually think that it’s her fault because she was crossing and when the bike was coming she literally stepped back .... Pedestrians always have the right of way, period. One day one of these cyclists is gonna run into me, not some little old lady, and it’ll be the last day they’re physically able to ride a bike. Looks like all of so called intellectuals blaming on women don’t realise that normal people’s mind will be blank and unable to decide properly for that second before u get hit.
It is only after the incident the one who gets hit will start to realise and assess the situation thinking if i have walked faster in front i would have survived without scratch or even start to think should not have crossed the road that time.
And u guys are doing same thing commenting bullshits about her decision just by seeing the video. I wonder how many people who have commented bad things about her will do stupid mistakes without proper thinking when they face the second before u r about to hit situation.

*English is not my first language so I accept if there are any mistakes in wordings. Pedestrians are dumb af anytime you step off the sidewalk you should have your head on a swivel.. Well if the light turns yellow and your right in front going fast you keep going bc then the person in the front is going to crash behind you. Soo kinda not his fault
 Lady the light was a stop plus it never changed from 🚸 to this✋ it was always ✋ So her fault kinda
 When I walk and its like✋ I alway make sure no people cars are coming plus I only do it when it's not working the otherside does that when I know to cross she did it on purpose man,  she wants to sue you. Fucking gentrifiers Even if the light was green for the biker, you still have to be aware of your surroundings just like driving. He could've slowed down a little bit at that crosswalk. People cross on red all the time and there will be j walking. Some people may not look before crossing the street either, but if you see them potentially in your way you should slow anyways. She simply stops and looks wtf Common sense usually dictates slowing down at an intersection not speeding up to hit someone... Why the fuck are they cycling with those bikes and all that gear in a city? I’m from Bedfordshire Mutilak dira zentzudunak zikinak nire Dick polita cojones its like nuts She stoped and stepped back Quick move back He peddled faster once he saw ppl cross as though he needed to exert some sort of dominance over the road. Although the lady spazed out and froze he could have prevented it all of by slowing down. 2:11 Dude, the woman should watch signs and not follow other people that’s how you don’t get hurt. Yes, he had a yellow light but it wasn’t red, the crosswalk sign was at paused for pedestrians to not walk so when you compare the two it was her fault. 

Facts don’t care about your feelings The light turned red just as his front wheel entered the intersection.  He had plenty of time to slow and stop when it was yellow.  Even though the female was in the wrong for starting to walk before her light turned green, the cyclist was the one who was riding at, IMHO, too fast a speed to cross controlled intersections safely and so should bear the majority of the responsibility.  He was 1) going against a red light, and 2) riding at an unsafe speed.  All this criticism about the lady stepping backwards is BS.  She could be criticized for stepping off the curb too early but that is all. The video that the other cyclist offered will only help to """"put a nail in the coffin"""" of the accident cyclist. What fucking video are you guys doing This pissed me off so much It’s on her, that light was what we call Texas pink, it was yellow long enough for him to cross. She had a red hand still. You always wait before crossing! 100% pedestrians fault. 0:04 To be fair, it sort of is the woman’s fault who was on the cross walk because she did stop and didn’t even check her surroundings like as if bikers are supposed to stop for someone who is walking 4 It's not ur fault she/he stoped and moved back in the way of the cyclist Wow, when that other cyclists said that the bike was like a woman, it does whatever you tell it to, I was generally concerned about that man’s mental health...like bruh why would you say that, women aren’t objects... Zombies on wheels Anyone know what back pack the cyclist is wearing at the start ? The cyclist in pink that hit the pedestrians. It’s in the thumbnail too Have no idea where cyclists head was except for """"I am not a licenced 
vehicle therefore I can ignore all stop signs, lights, right of way, and general good common sense.
No attempt to read the road, no attempt to slow down and no attempt to avoid collision.
In conclusion this incident reinforces the general perception that cyclists are unpredictable at best and irresponsible at worst. It was her fault. Glad you were recording Does anyone realize that this guy's friend is a sicko? He tells him to imagine the toy (bicycle) as a woman. You can f*** it and tell it what to do. How dare he talks about a women that way. Keep between us they say but hey every woman now knows who to avoid going out with. 2.37 estúpido hombre ciclista se debe respetar al peatón el esta en su línea There were multiple people on the xwalk and he made no attempt to slow down or avoid. มีพระไทยด้วย Well, there sure are several questions.

1) what does it mean in the USA, if the light turns yellow?
2) why doesnt the green light blink before turning yellow?

I can tell how it is here in Austria, if anyone even cares to know.

Ps. with this video, even if the woman lawyers up, she theoretically still should lose. walk faster lady are you blind!! 😂😂😣😣 Elle est sur le passage pieton il lui fonce dessus salop Ahhh he was going to fast trying to beat the light. Yellow is for slow down not speed up. You spandex  cyclists .. your weird ..seek some mental counseling what kinda camera you using? I like the display. Dunno why everyone is making such a big deal about this.

Cyclist drives through an intersection with a yellow light = legal

Pedestratians enter crosswalk when light is red = illegal. 

Pedestrian is charged court costs, cost of damage to bike, cost to any injuries incurred by cyclists, and is fined with a jaywalking ticket. Case closed... Next case baliff. Went through on a yellow, in UK law your would be at fault. I could see the pedestrians crossing a long way before so why did the cyclists not slow down. Lack of concentration is my assumption I call BS on that jack was who hit that woman. As a MTB myself I feel he had plenty of time to move around, shift or STOP if he wanted. He hit that woman on purpose and said he was sorry to get out if it and get a free hit. 4.27 keep off bike on the car bump... bike are not a boss on the road and slow down watch people not look black on the road as all time so eugene spends a lot of time riding his bicycle in new york being pretentious... you say we are all trying to get to work, but i dont think you do hahahaahaha, by the way you know your a self cenetered prick, when you get dressed up to go cycling through new york, why dont you go somewhere, where people arent trying to have to watch out for cyclists and you wont have all these problems always give way to pedestrians, it’s your pride dude! be aware to your surroundings! I paused the vid and looked at the cross walk thing and she shouldn’t  have been walking Cyclist =douche...they think they are always right...hits someone blowing through a light turning red and only tries to think about his 'right of way'...total losers. Bike lanes are like car lanes, if you don't look before you go, you only have yourself to blame. For all u people saying it was the bikers fault it wasn't if u watch the lady looks at the biker stops and then steps back but if she would of keep walking she could of completely avoided that. Lets just stop in the middle of the crosswalk do a mid air squat and allow yourself to get hit by a bike doing 15mph #twat Heres the truth... pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way so watch the fuck out for the especially clueless ones. Cyclists and motor vehicles have the same responsibility while traveling. Thant includes not running yellow lights (especially red lights like horny new bike owner and up EUGENE D). 
Everyone hates cyclists in the big cities because in general, they're always breaking traffic laws in the worst ways possible. i can feel a claim coming on As usual  laws don't apply to cyclist...except if it affects their right of passage. such a cancerous city, should be on top of a wipe out list. Bikers are so annoying. First off it was a yellow light so he should have been slowing down anyways.   Everyone else was crossing the road so it wasnt like she couldnt have been seen. Even if she walked a little to early and steooed back who tf zooms right behind somebody like that and doesnt slow down. Its like a common curtesy where if you are riding and somebody is walking their dog you slow down you dont keep riding fast. I guess i just hate how entitled bikers think they are. """"I had an idea"""" fuck off with your camera sute the lady walked early but the guy hit her and made no attempt to slow down or move out of the way. """"We're all cool"""" like just bike and go home stop acting like your the bike police or something. Damn, must’ve felt like getting hit by a brick wall. That guy is big and going in at a good speed. Born and raised in the Bronx. I'll I have to say is I'm so glad to be out of NY. Good Lord! 🤦 not the bikers fault. that’s all I have to say. The light was green and she tried to cross, she would have gotten hit by a car so he kind of in a way stopped her cuz it would have been worse getting hit by a car.
car hits “OMG U HIT ME how could u!”
“the light was g-“
“Idc u hit me”
“It was green and ur stupid” Let me just look to my left and then step back when i see the cyclist so i can sue him So, it's none of there fault.  The lady is old you know? So the old lady thought that the guys was on the other side like 5 inches away and she took 1 step back because she thought she got out the way. So it ain't just her fault.  It's really none of there fault.  Don't worry the old lady is OK but don't blame a old lady.  Relax..  🤘🙁🤤🤗 She took a step back so she would be hit but if she kept walking or stopped, she wouldnt have. She also didnt look before crossing, so it is both their faults..... In my opinion He didn't even slow down. Cyclists are the gayest most entitled people on the road lmao. Fight me about it  cycle boys! Don't say your sorry,it can be used against you on court even.if they were crossing illegaly Where’s the mail at? Awwwwww! Not the asian granny!! She's so cute!😢😢😢 I don’t understand why cyclists in my city do not have license plates and the requirement to have some form of insurance. As a pedestrian (and a driver), I can say that at intersections, I’m much more paranoid about bikes than I am about vehicles. The city has given them a whole lot of leeway to run amok in these streets with no consequence. If I were the lady, my first instinct upon you plowing into me would be to grab you off the bike ... we’re goin down together bruh 💪🏾 Pretty sad how pedestrian have this nonchalant attitude when crossing traffic signals when it’s not their turn.  Lucky it wasn’t a big rig that couldn’t stop instead of a bicycle. These cyclist give us all a bad name. I stop at crossings and red lights.. I don't cycle in the middle of the road . If cars are behind me and they can't go round me I stop and let them go past as I do those coming towards me.. I wear a helmet and I respect others on the road. It's not hard you just don't act as if rules are for everyone except you. Act like a decent human being . Give respect and you will get respect 4:50
Bro, you can’t just put your bike on someone’s car like that 🤦‍♂️ Not sure if that is a crossing. Or the person was standing on the road. no matter what it was the cyclist needs better brakes. Lol americans Wow your friend is a trash person. For some reason I always feel sooo bad for old people. Anyone else feel the same way? That’s why my friend has left New York. Cyclists complain they do not get the respect they need from vehicles but in this case they did the same to the pedestrian. Double standards asshole, you drove straight through the pedestrian crossing at speed you idiot. Well I guess he didn't delete it. It turned red as you entered the intersection It’s the cyclist I feel sorry for, why? Because she SAW him,  but walked out, exaggerated the look to her right, she stands still then looks at him giving her a valuable two seconds to move back, she gets in his path with the step back, she even braces herself. She might be old, but she knew what she was doing. I bet anything she got a good payout too. ...and why does the man at the back of her stand still?? a valuable “witness” for her to call on in court. U see. It’s all there you just have to look closely. This all could have been avoided had the cyclists STOPPED when they were supposed to.  Yellow light means STOP, unless you are unable to due to road conditions, speed and position in relation to the intersection.  These cyclists entered that intersection on a very deep yellow.  They should have stopped. The cyclists saw the deep yellow light.  They saw the woman standing in their path. The fact that the woman was there holds no ground, she's in a stopped intersection (all directions).  The cyclists are at fault for not obeying the traffic laws. She da served that she didn’t move I thought bikes were supposed to obey the same laws as vehicles when riding on the road ? (they do in this state anyways) Damn sure bike rider is at fault for this one . And you cyclists cant figure out why people don't like you ?   lol  RIGHT HERE shows you why . The light is irrelevant , you are required to stop for pedestrians in a crosswalk , just like a car . We have similar taste I have some of these songs in my playlist All these dumbass saying why she walked backwards like the guy with the gopro is Casper or something people riding bikes on roads designed for cars is a bad ideal. She was trying to make a moonwalk Shooting red lights, abusing police and talking about dominating women. Standard. Red = Stop 😉 American cyclists are ignorant and stupid Why did I laugh so hard at this??🤣🤣 Several people in his path but he didn't slow down.  Safety first, dumbass. tryin to get that insurance claim lady smh 4.44E+79 Both goofed up not major either just unfortunate why blow it out of proportion Bitch deserved it tbh Why did she step back into the bike? This kind of cyclist videos are weird to watch when ur from the Netherlands, it looks like shit to ride a bike there. Stops in middle of busy road and she thinks it's the cyclist's fault?? Stupid old lady why did she stop in the middle of the road of course she an old asian women lol 1:10 seriously buddy!!!! I don’t think u we’re just playin I personally been hit by a cyclist 2x living in nyc.. not a pleasant feeling and also i once hit a pedestrian when i was a small child.. maybe 11yrs old, i was riding on the sidewalk.  Im now 38 “We’ll keep that between us.” 1.8 million views later If you stop walking right in the middle of a bike lane, you are asking to be hit. That’s like stopping in the middle of oncoming traffic, and expecting all the cars to slam on their breaks last minute. She was in the wrong, the pedestrian walk sign said to stop, and all the other pedestrians were waiting. She asked for it. I think it’s rediculous that cops will give bikers tickets for biking on the streets, but won’t give the people BLOCKING THE BIKE LANES tickets. Or give idiots like this woman a ticket. go ride bike in the Netherlands once, there are way better roads for bikes ;) The guy sees people are crossing and tries to thread the needle through them. If she didn't step back there would be no collision, but the cyclist creates this situation. His fault next time don't act cool saying """"great parking, boys"""" to the cops and then run over a pedestrian...fucking stupid ass... That conversation around 1:16 is just sad and it says a lot about the maker of this video that he didn’t cut it, even though he says he will and it’s just “for fun”. Asians can’t cross the road safely.  This is a fact stupid chinese I will save time 2:15 Stay safe be careful Muther fuckin insurance scam she backed up on purpose Bike boys are always running the lights. Think you own the road. Entitled children This is why I run over cycling twats on the road. You aren’t exactly going fast and you could have swerved or stopped before hitting the woman. Faggot cyclist. Next time going to run you fucks off the road. It staggers me how many people just cycle/walk/drive past He was going to fast where he couldn’t stop she wasn’t crossing she wasn’t moving he hears her wall that light was red Pedestrians always have the right away let’s see what happens Dude you have serious mental health problems, from the content of your video and your presentation of it through editing/overlays/providing it to the public on youtube etc., it seems pretty clear you have Antisocial Personality Disorder. Some very apparent narcissism, too (self-talk voice overs). Lets reverse roles.  Replace old woman with these guys.  And these guys with a car.

Whos fault is it? I feel so so bad! 
1 like = 1 🙏🏻 It’s pretty retarded how you can blame a pedestrian of getting hit.

The fact of the matter is, anybody driving a vehicle weather it be a car or a bicycle, you have the means of hurting somebody with the speed of the vehicle you are driving to a defenseless person.

And here I thought people who ride crotch rockets are douchebags, this video proves that cyclists take the cake. lady crosses while a red hand saying DONT WALK, then walks backwards into the bike lane. and I am supposed to feel bad....   nope. a lesson she should have learned 40 years ago Nothing more anal than cyclers... Yellow light..plenty of time to slow and stop..IGNORED...biker charges yellow light.  Pedestrian sees the walk light is halted and reverses to curb-CORRECT action.  Biker plows into pedestrian almost looked like he didn't brake.  UNCOOL biker. Fuck what any of y’all say, I would’ve rammed that bitch 20x harder. The bitch was looking at the opposite lane instead of paying attention to the one she was on at first. Typical American niggas Got'm😆 When he pauses the clip and the ladies face🤣🤣 Good thing u got it on camera she’s a real idiot Typical city asshole stops and watches  it all go down then leaves what a coward I'll admit as a cyclist myself I think that both parties are to blame. The cyclist was to blame for not slowing down when the light was amber ( though who wouldn't want to dash an amber light) The lady was at fault as the light was red when she was crossing and she walked backwards which is totally unacceptable. In my opinion, the pedestrian was more to blame of as she stopped and went backwards on a CYCLING LANE which is honestly very dumb, though you might claim she walked backwards cause she saw the person recording the video, in that case it would be that cyclist fault in the way that he should have stayed in the cycling lane . if you say that it was the cyclist fault for not swirving to avoid the lady then let me ask u, if he swirved at that type of speed wouldn't he hit the car infront of him? And then you guys will say he should not be going at that type of speed, i mean on a bike who wouldn't want to go fast or run an AMBER light?,Anyways accidents are bound to happen in todays society Sorry but the light was red, it's the cyclists fault Take on meeeee
Take me ooon

I Love ittt You cannot assume that people will give you the right-of-way just because it’s your turn. People always want to “make the light”, do “rolling stops” and not yield at a Yield sign. Not obeying signs is what causes accidents and also drive defensively, turn your head and inspect your surroundings and look ahead of you. Just need to look at 2:13 into the video, the light was yellow with plenty of time to stop. They decided to run the red, what is sad is that Eugene was even further away from the intersection and decided to proceed. The woman backed up because she thought the walk sign had changed because people were already crossing, she backed up when she realized it hadn't. Every cyclist that ran the light broke the law, since you are supposed to stop on yellow if safe to do so or proceed with caution if not possible, which it was and turned red immediately after entering the intersection. The first 1 idk how he hit her 4:00 “We Will keep that between us” He said 
“Ima upload this to 7,6 billion people to see” he thought She crossed a red light... like bruh Ok... it's a complicated situation, but I kind of blame the cyclists. The light was yellow, he saw some people by and even in the crosswalk, even if they were jaywalking why would you risk your and other persons safety just to cross the road on a yellow. The woman is older she doesn't have the same reaction time and the bike was going fast without slowing down at all. yellow light means Stop, it doesn't mean """"I have a few seconds left to pass"""", it doesn't mean crossing with precaution, it means stop, I'm not saying that the old lady had the right to cross because she obviously didn't, but c'mon you are the one who tried to ride the bike betwen those pedestrians, and btw, she didn't even saw you and maybe because you shouldn't have crossed in the first place. (sorry for my english, I'm still learning) Can all of u stop saying her fault? Nobody wants that, it's an accident... Omg is the bike ok? oh did someone see the red light the biker went through and then mowed down the lady crossing the street all good im a biker i deserve to do as i please idiot i hope she sues him he is in the wrong Fuckin idiot grannies I’m fucking mad that cars just drive by to look but not help Oof Major oofs Cyclist are fucking vermin Nem transformation It can never be the pedestrians fault if they are hit on a pedestrian crossing.regardless of red light yellow light does not matter. In this particular incident the cyclist went through a red and at the point of impact you clearly see the walk signal ...there is always a delay from  red light  to walk signal so cyclist is 100% at fault....Hope the victim was not seriously injured!! It's one reason why I cannot stand living in the city, people panic too easily at stupid shit. Fuck bicycle Both of you are idiots , easily could of hopped off the bike , what a dumbass both of you retards I don’t think it was his fault she was walking and then stopped and then walked backwards but it said they think it went on yellow Wat, first day on a bike? Wuuuut.... He was day dreaming? She stopped walking?????







wat? If you ask me clearly it was the person in pink that was in the wrong.. 🏃III
🐕IIII
👴I
🚴IIII Running yellow lights is dumb in general it also turned red while in the middle of the street 2:17 heres what you came for The pedestrian was clearly on while the hand was green and began walking backwards when it changed but the bike sped through a yellow at full speed.  A yellow is supposed to mean get ready to start not ignore me and carry on, I hope the woman was okay and the cyclist was appropriately punished for dangerous behavior. Oh my bike feels like a toy , lol hey can u post his number in comments, i want to talk to him... She thinks she going to ca$h in on a lawsuit against this guy... Sorry, you're not in China! Insurance fraud smh both at fault, pedestrians crossing when lights have not yet completed going to red, and cyclist not slowing/stopping for the yellow. Maybe it's just me or did the lady stop and step backwards to get hit by the cyclist I hope he was sued into poverty. Get a car this ain't china. Run bikes off the road. Bike riders are out of control. They are rude. See one all alone scare the shit out of them. Some of the comment are basically:
sHe DiDnT wAtCh sO it'S hEr FaUlT. Wtf is wrong whit these people. 
I think it's a normal thing to slow down when people are crossing the road. You not move out of way! Bro dont just watch go help What camera are you using that it gives you speed elevation and grade. Another Arsehole cyclist who thinks that public roads are velodromes. at 2:30 its not her fault because pedestrians needs to check the road before crossing and not stopping in the middle of it :) He tried to go behind her Same as if she was hit by a car she didn't have the right of way. Sees another man in hot pink tights totally destroy a woman physically, asks for digits. XD very nice(borat voice) cyclists how simple can it be just slow up a bit I would have smashed your face if you put your bike on my car. It was a yellow and a red for the peds. It was not the cyclists fault she was walking then she stopped and stepped back but at that time the cyclist was already rlly close to her 5:38 Yeah, i love those guys who have nothing to do with anything telling random ppl to relax when they don't know shit. Bicycles are for bitches. Hate when they ride on the fucking road and don't let you pass cause they are fuckin pussies half the time. He didn't even try to go around the lady what a poor bike rider they’re both morons lmao Maybe she was in the wrong but this guy didn't even bother too slow down at all lmao Song at start plz Pathetic.  Cyclists always find a reason to excuse bad behaviour on the road regardless of whether it is in the US or otherwise.  It turned amber.  Slow down - there is a pedestrian crossing and the light is AMBER.   This happened twice to my mom.  Both cyclists just ignored the red light and ploughed right through.   No apologies.   Pathetic. It don,t matter whether he went thru on a green light or not....the girl was standing dead still right in front of the cyclist and he STILL failed to see her....I hate those people who who depend solely on Lights...NEVER depend on lights....use your eyes and your common sense....to me the cyclist is totally wrong.     I don,t know what it is now a days with cyclists making trouble for pedestrians and vehicle drivers...they are becoming a serious road pest just like a cancer growing out of control. Was mostly her fault she didnt look dumb cyclists. hate every one of them on the road. 100% the bikers fault she was hit with the left side of his bike and body BEFORE she backed up and if it's crosswalk pedestrians have the right of way anyway. Where your brakes🤔 bike rider Poor Person😢❤️ Fucking cyclists You are fighting cars? Why would you trust any vehicle with your life? This is why cars shouldn’t fly through an intersection when the light is yellow. You never know what is going on. He clearly tried to brake but was going too fast to stop. He shouldn’t have been going that fast in the first place. Cyclists and long distance runners are some of the most arrogant people you will ever meet. Being on a bike with all that traffic seems like a death sentence... is the 200 calories you burn by biking to work everyday really worth it? complaining about others...but forget where your breaks are and not ready tobreak down...jvust rolling and every body „Get out of our way!“. heros‘ idiot cyclist! take on me ♪ Lmao That woman was a complete stupid 🤣 she didn't see the fucking RED LIGHT FOR THE PEDESTRIANS and the cyclist yeah he could easily avoid it as well but he didn't 🤔 Drive by...😂 Ball juice!! Sorry but you boys ran through a red light at the last second. She texhnically stopped in the middle and let it happen cojones juice xD Arent cojones supposed to be testicles? I wonder how juice is extracted from them. Maybe they are pressed like olives. She is retarded bruh Do those bicycles not come reported with brakes? Just wondering cause I never had a road bicycle. This should be re-named """"arseholes on a bike""""! I hate people in bikes Why tf did she just stop it’s like she wanted to get hit Oh yeah,I love watching cyclists talk mmmh sweet content Hey thats my highschool @ 0:11 The guy was cycling like a dick. You don't go across pedestrian crossings pedaling at full speed with no concern as to whether a pedestrian is about to cross - and you especially don't do it after jumping a light, even if the pedestrians don't yet have a green. You stop pedaling, get up out of your saddle and cover your brakes, anticipating a pedestrian jumping out. It’s all about perspective. A very similar situation would have been if it were a cyclist crossing illegally, and a car hitting that cyclist even if it was driving through a yellow light. If the video were made by this same person, he would immediately take the side of the cyclist and blame the car. “Oh but a car would’ve killed that cyclist!” What difference does it make if a cyclist full on ran into a pedestrian? People would still be getting hurt. It’s also safe to say that any normal driver would immediately swerve and try to avoid inbound pedestrians and cyclists crossing illegally. Defensive driving should not just apply to cars. You should at least slow down a little bit and keep eyes widely open when rush through a yellow light. Idiot！ Well, at least y'all made that red light... oh wait, you didnt. This is what happens when two or more people disregard traffic signals. When two dumbasses meet. A fucking horrendous hipster on two wheels making a difference and a foreigner She obviously had the right of way idiot 2:15 : 100% bikers fault Exactly why cyclists need to have insurance I hate cyclist! They never obey any of the rules of the road..... goes to show in this video.  They don’t obey but expect others to respect them.  F-‘em!
Who cause that accident??? The idiot cyclist who was taping, had he not gone around the other two idiots running the red light, the woman wouldn’t have stopped in front of the two other idiots.... or would have had room to move out of his way instead of stepping back. 


Perfect! They are stupid enough to think they had the right of way! Next time don’t blow the light asshole! That’s called a late amber... illegal move  all across Europe and North America


Don’t get me fucking started on pedestrians.... bitch had it coming too for running the light as well.   They all got what they deserved! The second he hit her it turned white for the pedestrian so she had every right to be on the crosswalk. The cyclist was in the wrong. That first cyclist....he doesn’t look where he’s going??  Sheesh. Why did the lady stop walking and then step back?!? It’s like she was waiting to be hit. People have no brains these days. It’s the girls fault bc if you look at her crossing light it has a red hand implying “don’t cross” Hahahaha Screw you Fuck'n cyclists that think you own the road..  News flash, you don't. Pedestrians are first and car's second. You need to watch for both, or you ass is going to get hit, or you are going to hurt someone. Morons! Hahahahahahaha I'm a cyclist, and I don't approve that the guy didn't brake or steer away. But also the lady is stupid and you can't just start walking backwards or stop in the bike lane. Just think of all the cyclists that always break the rules and get away with it My mom's uncle got hit by one and die ._. That ho was tryna get a check, she ain slick Is the bike ok? People are fcking douchebags, yeah maybe it was illegal for the old woman to cross the junction, maybe you are right even though you too are jumping signal, the entitlement of being right butchers the concern of everyfckinbody's safety first. that guy in the bike I a fucking idiot... Bruh, u stealing MacieJay’s outro music??? And that's why you don't run red lights. Our laws say that if a light is amber you must stop if it is safe to do so.  At the speed and distance it was safe to stop.  There were (illegal) pedestrians on the crossing so it wasn't safe to continue at speed.  There is no law of """"right of way"""" only a law about """"give way"""".  So the cyclist was required to take more care than he did. Of course the pedestrian should have been booked too.  They had no excuse of any type. I love how Clinton Hills Brooklyn look. All in a New York minute. Humans make mistakes, so shut the fuck up Can you please share which device did you use, that shares all the data we can see on the lower left hand side??

Thanks☺️ GREEN LIGHT=HEAVEN
Yellow light= hurry pls
Red light:stup right ther The woman is a jerk! Never walk forward, and then back! Even less when you are on a cycling lane Dude 1: Want to exchange numbers?
Dude 2: That would be amazing
Me sexually whispering: No H0m0 2:31  WTF was she doing. like....she looks like shes taking a step back in order to be hit. i guess coz she crossed at red? Both the pedestrian and cyclist should have been more careful...pedestrian shouldn't cross when red and cyclist should be more aware of his surrounding so as to be able to react to danger even if light is yellow...lesson learned the hard way stupid fucking cyclists So is no one going to talk about what that guy said in the beginning 🤔like we all know he wasn’t kidding 😫 Why didn’t the cunt stop in the first one She is Chinese . Chinese people are crazy. Dumbass cyclists go fuck yourselves Why did she stop. 😬 Do bicycles get tickets for running red lights? Cyclists are assholes Lol riding that bike in the city...in a big city
Bad idea, especially if you want to be athletic on it Cyclists are ruining this world. The cyclists went through a yellow light, the woman had a red light but this all could be avoided... As a  experienced rider you must be ready to brake 10 feet before any obstacle... For some thinks it was cyclist that did wrong, is wrong. It ain’t cyclist fault that he hit her, she stopped walking when it was red and standed in the middle of the cycle road she could hit. I think people should be more careful on the road and not to make the same mistake as she did. But at the same time, she looked in like in the seventies, so most her sight and her way of thinking when she was in her nation country, with she ain’t. Cojones juice jajajajajaajajajajjajajajajajakakajajjajajsu Pigeons are the rats of the  sky. Cyclist are the rats of the road. 2-15 = cyclist gets its very wrong. Thinks he’s king of the road and riding high speeds with no concern for pedestrians.  That’s why cars have no concern for cyclists.   Most of them who ride in city’s are twats 😂😂😂 That shit was intentional It looks like a gay ass place to live and a miserable one to Now way that is new york @04:00 PEOPLE ARE TOO STUPID. THAT WOMAN DESERVED IT!! PEDESTRIANS NEVER WATCH AND THINK THEY CAN CROSS EVERYWHERE EVEN WHEN ITS RED FOR THEM... Put these  people in a car , have them walk,  if there are other people around they will find a way to cause a accident!!!!!!!! fucking tourists Do I hear take on me at 0:18 Not gonna lie this chaos looks really fun. They went on the yellow BUT right when he hit her the crosswalk turned soooooooooooo bad pedestrian 2:41 insurance fraud? That was on purpose alot of asains esp women do that for $ sick and sad esp in there country it happends alot willing to put your own life on the line for $ smh """"Cojones"""" juice? Jajajajaj eres hispanohablante? No rules apply to bike wankers tho do they 
They have their own world 
Fucktards zebra crossing doesn’t apply to bikes 🙈🙈🙈 In NYC is it okay to be late as of the traffic? Because I’m from a small little town in England lol No she shouldn't have been walking there at that time, but this still could've been avoided if the cyclist would've had some common sense and gone a little out of the way, ring his bell, slow down or anything at all. But no, cyclist assume the road is theirs and everyone should fuck off for them. Just because you have the right of way, doesn't mean you shouldn't show some common sense or compassion. It was an old lady, this could've really injured her. At least the cyclist didnt immediatly go into dickwad mode and apologised Wtf 나도 자전거로 출퇴근하지만 완전 시발년이네 Light does not matter.  The crosswalk is always the right of way come on you're one of the blame everyone else kind of people aren't you?    If EVERYONE follows basic generic rules of the road....  (laws)   we all have a general understanding how motorists, pedestrians, and cyclists are going to act or SHOULD ACT....   Pedestrians should only cross when they have the indicated crossing acceptance meter...   Same goes for motorists and cyclists.  Now as a WHOLE if we all abide and expect these same rules and understandings we should have ALL been taught to follow throughout our lives......    we can avoid ALMOST ALL conflict like this one.... where 1 group of the 3 I mentioned above breaks the law and puts others at risk as well as themselves...     a group of pedestrians were breaking the law....    I feel bad for the little lady because I don't think she meant to get in his way, she probably meant to step back to avoid something which actually caused the accident.   Have you ever 'danced' with another pedestrian on the sidewalk?   sometimes you both make the same moves and then do it again..   anyway just a bad situation but in my opinion I believe the pedestrian should have paid attention to the CROSSING SIGN to avoid this whole ordeal We dont have bike lanes in our country and i am countlessly being squeezed by cars even when i am inches from the gutter 😭 I do hope we have bike lanes in our country Why are you whining about garmin in the desc? Seems unnessecary They were walking.when it was red 😒 Good thing you gave him the video, he would have paid thousands if not for your good deed.👍 The part i hate the most about the vid is thw person that was his just stood there fore like 3 sec before she got hit It's not called a CrossStop. In the end she shouldn’t have crossed when it was at the hand signal and he should’ve slowed down. In the end both made mistakes both are to blame. At least he said sorry The cyclist in the pink shirt ran a red light and hit the pedestrian.He should get a ticket and be sued! Why in the hell would anyone call 911? Where the fuck do you see an emergency? Guys. It’s okay to have different opinions on the accident but there are some opinions you can’t justify. 1) the woman standing were she stood. It was red for her, as we all clearly can see. Basically: she shouldn’t even be standing there. And if she just HAD to cross before it turned green, she could’ve least looked to the left and seen the bicycle coming. She only looked once people started yelling, where she took a step back and the crash happened. 2) “it was yellow, he should’ve stopped”. Now, I don’t know what the rules are in NY, but from what I’ve read and from what the rules are in my country, if you are coming in high speed and it is yellow, it’s okay to cross. I mean, that is why the yellow light is even there. Green is go, red is stop, the government knows there will always be some who tries to make it over, and they can’t just have the light turn red all of a sudden, therefore the yellow light. But as you can see from the clip, the biker was in very high speed and it was green. He most likely thought he could make it, and therefore didn’t slow down when it was green. Which is a reasonable thought. Then it turns yellow, and the biker speeds up, which is understandable! Either he speeds up a bit and makes the yellow light (which he did) or he makes a hard break, risking to crash with the bikes behind himm or tipping his own bikem because he was in a very high speed at that point. The safer and more reasonable choice was to speed up. 3) “so typical. Selfish bikers”. If he really was selfish, why did he say, with a truly concerned voice “I am so sorry. Sorry”, when he also landed with the bike on top of him. He got hurt as much as the old lady. Yeah, it might affect her more because she is elderly, but as Newtons 3rd law states, action = reaction. When you apply a force on one subject, you get the equal amount of force back. So: she might’ve gotten hit by a big force that seemed extremely violent, but he got hit with one just as hard. Ok class, look left-right-left
Betty: no!
*gets hit New York is a fuckin incredible place man I went back and read watch the incident at 1/4 speed the bicyclist enter the intersection on the yellow which does mean that the pedestrian had the do not walk and The Pedestrian broke the red well the bicyclist had the right of way thankfully for you having recorded this ride and being able to send that guy the footage he will not get in trouble cesarine is the one who will probably get the ticket. It s so satisfying to see that old granny bitch falling down Move bitch get out the way Funny how many people think it's only the womans fault. The biker could see her and still had plenty of time slowing down which obviously didn't happen.
Instead he keeps pedaling. The old woman maybe even thought it was green since all the other people crossed, noticed the mistake and stopped. 
Who knows... people on the internet can be so stupid. Fucking cyclists. does it hurt more/ less if you a 150lbs or 200lbs ? does it make a difference ? """"maybe instead of a toy...a woman, you just fuck with it and it does whatever you tell it to do""""...are you for real? Great video. What camera do you use and how do you get the speed stats in the corner? My god cyclists are retarded We'll keep that between us and 1.6M pple on yt Lmfao that Chinese lady wildin. She was good, just trying to con some money out of it If you're not in control of your vehicle. You're not in control the vehicle end of story That conversation You spandex clad bunch of clowns deliberately rode into a crosswalk filled with people without even attempting to stop. You do have a moral right to avoid accidents. This highlights why cyclists are hated by both motorists and pedestrians. Bike feeling like a toy is like runners high isn't it? This woman was an idiot and broke the law. She paid the price. 2:34 *it was at this moment that girl knew.......







 She fucked up* 2:18 when you are walking in Amsterdam The cyclist has the worst reflexes that i have ever seen in my life Can someone let me know the rules here on the crossing,, I'm in UK and on a zebra crossing pedestrians get right of way and every one stops for them, but in the video she is on the crossing but who is at fault, in fairness the cyclist had loads of time to see her and stop. What the hell, i always tough that the person on the bike was a woman and the pedestrian hit was a kid owned Nah... She is just a scammer. The bike may feel like a toy because it is a toy Haha New York is such a beautiful mess! Glad I live in a small town in Arizona everyone saying it is the biker's fault and he should look before crossing but, WHAT ABOUT THE PEDESTRIAN YOU IDIOTS?? DOESNT HE HAVE TO LOOK BEFORE CROSSING? IF SHE DIDNT CARE, WHY WOULD THE CYCLIST? Light was yellow before he entered the intersection but the pedestrian was jaywalking. Both were wrong but the cyclist was driving a vehicle and as such has to yield to pedestrians even if they’re in the wrong. My conclusion: pretty much everyone in NYC have cranial/rectal inversion coupled with a sense of entitlement and a secret deathwish. This is why I avoid road cycling. She walk too long she need to CUT IT Yow zers PEOPLE in N.Y.C. : Stand in the street and bike lanes , walk with their head down , don’t look both ways , open car 🚗 doors without looking , on the phone 📱 while walking in the streets with their headphones 🎧 on with their head down , walk between cars 🚙 without looking with their head down ETC. , that is why I use TRUCK HORNS when riding my E⚡️Skateboards or Mountain Bike 🚵‍♀️ , people only take notice when a Truck , Bus or loud sounds gets their attention and at night LIGHTS & HORNS ( which I use BOTH ) 👍🏿 Why is she just standing there in the middle of the street? Women MOVE like god dangg 😠😡 That's because IT IS actually a toy... Look at him leaning his shitty bike against someones car - if I owned that car I would have thrown that piece of shit into the nearest hedge Why would Garmin sponsor a boring ass video like this in the first place? Dumb bitch should look where she’s going! Get hit Cyclists fault. Yellow means prepare to stop. Ha ha driving a bike seems scary in USA, never knew it gonna be this difficult Take on me america..... I hate cycling - hurts my coccyx bone 😣 """"We'll keep that between us""""....and the whole internet😂😂😂 She literally stepped back so she'd get hit... insurance fraud is a real thing people """"what red hand mean?"""" Also..the light red was on 2:15 Most retarded cyclist ever bish got yeeted GG Wow, what a perfect storm of incompetence!  Multiple people crossing on """"don't cross"""" and multiple cyclists running a red light and not watching the road.  What the HELL is WRONG with people?! Bikers fault 100%. Ran a red light like a piece of shit. cyclists fault new they were chinese before it happened. so daft fucking hate cyclists i'm sorry lmfao It was a crossing , bike rider should of given way and be fined for it, simple Screw bikes. Pretentious fuck is supposed to yield at a yellow not blow thru it. And the lady stepped back to avoid be hit by the douche recording. I ride a bike and a motorcycle and one thing I've learned over the past 5 years is the rider is almost always in the wrong because they feel like there better than everyone else. It was just an accident, you can see she didn't even see the cyclists till right before the collision. Plus she saw the crosswalk was red and took a step back because it wasn't her time to cross. """"we'll keep that between us""""
posts video to millions of people I like riding with my bike but not like them. I jump, wheelie and sometimes ride in the forest with my bike. I fucking love my bike it has full suspension, but the suspension is not that good anymore, but still love that bike. (my bike is felt redemption 2008) In such a congested city and also busy, you wud think people have better common sense. I love the song """"take me out"""" stupid woman xD hahahahaha What camera are you using? just sayin if he had his hands on breaks he would stop in time or decrease the speed at least Guy in pink was not totally clean. Should have at least slowed down but he was pedalling til he can't fully stop before impact. What do you use to get the speed in the bottom left corner ? Is it some app or i wanna know thanks 0:25 take on meeeeee TAKE ON ME Same would have happened if the bike was a car. That lady literally just stood there. That cyclist is a mf tard dude. Whatta loser. Trying to act hard and not swerve out of the way and hurt an old lady. The dialogue was extremely cringe inducing. He asked you not to post it The woman who got hit was in the wrong by being in the crosswalk ahead of the light. Sure, the light turned yellow but the biker was going too fast to stop.....and who would expect someone to go backwards in the crosswalk? She stepped back and then leaned back. She probably thought the bike would go in front of her while the guy thought she would step forward and he'd go behind her. It was an accident. Caused by the woman but still an accident. I hope she wasn't hurt too badly. The guy on the bike appeared to be okay. It was her fault...she shouldn't of stopped and stepped back 🤦 Haketmiş Yellow light. Turned red before you finished exiting the intersection. 100% cyclists fault. Hope he was ticketed. You see the bicycle helmet with cameras front and back 1:22 """"we'll keep that between us"""" ;) Fucking Chinese lady she wants a check Enough with the excuses. I cycle too and I know pedestrians ALWAYS have the right if way. And she was in a criss walk, not Jay walking. You make up excuses to justify these kind of accidents and make us all look bad. Cyclists are JUST as bad at road rage as the cars. Period. And I’m a cyclist!! This is a story of mine that has a situation similar to this:

I was on my way home from school riding a bike. My way home was a downhill on to an uphill, and there was a car parked at the  uphill. When i went downhill, my view was blocked by the car so i couldnt see an incoming motorcycle coming down from uphill. I planned to go to the side of the road to avoid collision, but the motorcyclist had the same idea, and thus collision accured. It was a rather empty road at the time so no one saw it coming, and we both went on a considerably high speed.

Bottomline, unless the lady went on a red/yellow light, it's really no one's fault, an accident.

The cyclist didn't slow down, and the lady neither stop or kept walking. But if i have to say, its mostly because the lady hesitated on crossing that she got hit. Anyone who wished to tell me otherwise, feel free in a civilized manner What a stupid woman. It's her fault. She's gonna cross or What? She goes back n forth and backwards in the street. Dumbass. Oof 2:15 thank me later 🚴🏻‍♂️ franz!!! 1:21 """" we will keep that between us """" - Traitor You must be a really fun person to hang out with I’m sure The worst thing you can do: taxi driver is mad at other taxi for not blowing yellow light and getting stuck in intersection due to traffic. 

Cyclist chastises him by saying “dude just relax” I know I might sound heart less but oh well 2:15 Red hand = don't cross YoFucking dick heads slow the fuck down ..orange mean slow down not speed up And yet another reason to despise bicyclists... They think women are toys to be manhandled and thrown away like objects... Good job! BOOM DESTROYED CHINESA When an asshat meets a lemming. Pedestrians always have right of way you bigot Yeah :) just put that blur over the traffic light so that you cant see anymore that it was turnkng red. And even if it didnt. Yellow means slow down and prepre so maybe the women was also wrong for going over red but its both fault If u got pepper sprayed from someone on a scooter in N.Y. It probably was me. the cyclist thought the pedestrian would keep walking but the pedestrian just randomly stopped and walked backwards 2:40 ajahajajjajajaja RIPP Asshole  on the bike needs to stop or slow for pedestrians That biker clearly saw a person in front of him Dude I'm a cyclist in the city, stronger up a hill than any of you or your buddies no doubt. When you see a woman crossing the street slow down, even if shes wrong, it ain't worth hurting some one. And then putting this on you tube, like you were violated? What's the matter with you Bikers were riding too fast, just because you have the light doesn't mean you have an invisible force field around you. I always slow down at crowded intersections because old ladies & little kids. What difference does it make if you are in the right but now some old lady has cracked their skull on the road after you ran them over. Same thing with cars, same thing with bikes, slow it down and you'll save yourself and everyone else grief. Lol he had so much time to go around her I hate cyclists that’s it the lady the cyclist hit is asian :/ what did you expect? Problem was the poor lady made a mistake :instead of going on, she got scared and walked backwards Natural selection How can someone hit an elderly woman that is not moving? The bicyclist makes no attempt to steer away or apply the brakes. All of this just to prove his point. sees cyclist coming towards you
What do you do?
○A. Stand
○B. Stare
○C. Scream
●D. All of the above 
Smh MOVE DONT STAND THERE Please do not say cyclist never cross red light. Hit pedestrian on zebra line and it is her fault.  If i hit you guys on your red definitely it gonna be my fault again. Hate dumbhead cyclists Put some elbow in it next time She wanted to get hit Saying sorry doesn't help if you already fucked up, moron. Next time don't put your entitled ass above the pedestrians and you won't need to be sorry, dumbass. Why do pedestrians stop walking when they notice you? Happens to me all the time in London They're both idiots Pretty common sense. 
The cyclist fault. Doesn't matter what kind of stoplight or shit it is.
The lady can't move forward since you were moving fast towards and the other guy was about to dive in. You put the lady in a bad spot in the middle since cycling should only be in one lane. That must be a reason not to jay walk. What a stupid bitch Fucking idiots walking never pay attention to where the fuck they're going, it's so fucking annoying! Why didn't the bikers slowdown at all? You know you can't expect pedestrians to be aware of things happening around them. It is plain naive to just go full speed towards pedestrians. At first I thought it was the guys fault till I went and watched it again. His light was yellow but the crosswalk was red! So those people should not have been walking period. Before they past that large commercial building the light already Yellow. And guess what Yellow means? Slow down 
Also notice he still kept pedaling passing the first Yellow light even though the crosswalk had people already walking on it. He stopped pedaling right before the double arrows next the the crosswalk. But the crosswalk was also Red.

Who's fault is it? both
Obey the law, it's there to protect us. Totaly the cyclist fault. He should ajusted speed. The pedestrians had a green light it shows clearly on the video @Eugene D 5:08 Carolina liars- I'm not over. Love the song Bikers in NYC behave like they entitle to do what ever they please. 

You are bond to follow all traffic rules just like your were driving a car. Slow down at intersections. Expect pedestrians to cross right before you ride by. 
The city has change the speed limit from 30mph down to 25. Yet you can catch many of you going faster then cars on the road. Pedestrian always have the right of way. Regardles of the raffic light or traffic control device. Stop acting and riding like you aren't bond to follow traffic rule Cyclists fault. Lear how to use breaks Fucken dog 'like a woman'. More like your Dad!! She just stood there. Weave snatched Is it me or did the lady sho got hit walk forward, see the cyclist, walk backward, and just stand there waiting to get hit and bracing for the impact. I’m thinking that lady just wanted money from that guy... he rode straight into her. was he holding his eyes closed ? Hello from Brasil, nice video! Cojones juice? wtf? That's Spanish and it means """"balls"""" as in a man's balls. Interesting. Asian lady, steps back, goes on YouTube, yep classic case of insurance fraud I blame her. She was crossing, then suddenly stops then steps back and freezes like a deer in headlights. Moron. Wow Both at fault. He saw pedestrians, yes they were crossing against the light, and never thought to slow down or be more aware? But if you want to say it was 100% the pedestrians fault for crossing against the light then you have to remember.... if you cannot clear the intersection before it turns red, and he entered AFTER it turned yellow, you are supposed to stop. So yes, they both broke the law. I see cyclist are just as much of a nuisance over the pond as they are here, also love it how so many comments saying she stepped backwards it's her fault. I'm sure I would've done exact same to avoid being hit by cyclist going through a yellow proceed with caution light... ugh very cautiously. This is why everyone want to murder cyclists I don’t know who is in the wrong here. The woman for not looking both ways and stopping in the street or the guy who saw her and didn’t slow down. I think it's wrong for the peadestrian to press charges when she walked out knowing the light had not changed. Great intro some random gets hurt then happy intro music Bikes have breaks. Use them hate bicyclist that act like they have no breaks 2:40 shows when the crossing light says walk. The same second the person got hit. Bike guy must've ran the light split second. I think it was the person in front of the old woman's fault. The old woman probably tried to cross the road because the people in front of her illegally jaywalk. Once she sees the red hand, she tries to walk back which causes the accident to happen. I am confused. People are saying it's the cyclist?

Looked like the lady was crossing the street and they'd be fine to cross, and she steps back into the bike because she was just checking for a bus and not looking around to check her surroundings.

Sure, the cyclists were going a teeny tiny bit late, but they were fine 1:12 I don’t think he really gets pussy if that’s how he talks. Prob another “incel” She's looking for dat insurance money 😅 That’s a insurance scam if I ever saw one Quite simple steps to not get hit:
- don’t walk in the bike lane
- look around instead of being distracted by something like your phone 24/7 ok she just stood there it wasnt the bikers fault This person had plenty of reaction time to get out of the way. Talk about slow reflexes. 😳 Pedestrian: let’s just cross the road. Oh wait let’s take a step back in the bike lane so I risk getting hit 
gets hit by bike

Pedestrian: OH MY GOD HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?!?! Cyclist saw pedestrians still crossing and proceded anyway. old chinese woman.... Weird. She like move into and leaned into it. why do you need to say in the description that you contacted garmin and begged for some pocket change because you use their camera and people ask about it. did someone force you to tell people what camera you use? """"they did not give any discount"""" damn i wouldnt give either. you have some cheek asking for something because you used their product. but saying in the description that they did not give you a discount for what purpose? trying to make people not buying from them? sad. Finally Typical bicyclist running red lights because FTW Why didn’t both of you stop at the crossing you do know pedestrians have right of way on crossings stop giving these good cyclists a bad name She wanted money... idiot Red light “Well keep that between us”

posts it on youtube Pedestrians fault If I get squeezed in, I hit them on the mirror! An irresponsible jerk, ran a red light and failed to yield to a pedestrian in a marked crosswalk What songs were you playing? What songs were you playing? What songs were you playing? The guy needs to be prosecuted, it was an amber light well before he got there, when he hit the girl it was red Glad I live in germany lol The 3.1 disliked are pedestrians Imagine if that was a car, not a bike, that pedestrian would be dead. That’s why you don’t stand in the middle of the street It’s the old ladies fault why fuck didn’t she move fast and also she just stood there that’s jay walking Her fault walks in front and just stops fucking idiot You could hear the connection I was crossing a street once, I had the red light, when a bicyclist ran the red and hit me.  He began yelling at me for not stopping.  His friends told him to stop yelling, I was in the right, it was in Upstate NY, he should have stopped instead of running the light. This is what happens when people take a chance crossing the road. When they realise they are in danger they panic and don't know what to do. In this case, she froze then tried to step backwards. why the hecc did she stand in the middle of the crosswalk she was asking to get hit, her fault The light has just turned red when cyclist entered intersection. He should be charged. However,  the pedestrians were already well into the intersection,  and were crossing against a red.  Both at fault.  Stupidity,  and lots of it,  to go around. FATALITY cojones juice LOL Now that is a bangin playlist yep dickhead its a pedestrian crossing THEY have right of way not you Me when I heard take on me
Take on me scream scream scream take on il mine it take on me scream scream scream take on me il mine it take on me That lady was so stupid she saw the bike coming and just stood there You could clearly see here the person see the bikes coming and slow back up in the bike way and then get hits by the person on  the bike, the  person who was walking shoulda  ran not just stare and walk back  and gets hit She's slow old lady and her awareness is probably lacking too, she was crossing on red light, just like everybody in NY... biker did everything correctly by law... HOWEVER... the cyclist could see people passing from a distance and could expect this, so he was also obviously reckless and not that conscious.... there's no way to judge here, it just happened... nobody died Stupid ass old lady Pause effect was epic😂🤣 Her fault for just standing there Notice the guy behind the lady holding a camera conveniently angled away from the go/stop signal. Looks like someones got an ambulance chaser I get so frustrated watching videos like this. The stupidity people got wandering in city and driving cars. 🙄🙄 Run all there asses over This is why I hate pedestrians and cyclists Oh for fuck sakes. She got hit by a bike. She needs to man, say it's her fault and move the fuck on. Both at fault. Cyclist should have stopped and entered the intersection after the red. Pedestrian was walking against the signal. She could have moved out the way She probably would've successfully sued his ass if not for the video. Good man. VID015 is to be kept locked away in the archives.. Its so ridiculous how people are saying it was the cyclists fault, how in the world seriously...  lets say it was a car instead of the bike and he crossed the yellow, why would he expect someone to be crossing the red sign? Cause i've seen people saying that the cyclist was in the wrong because he wasnt paying attention... just ridiculous, i dont even know what to say. yea...""""like a woman"""" Pedestrian fault but it's a bad idea to ride bike and look at the ground, he had plenty of time to slow down, go around or stop.
Also when the light is already yellow you don't go. The pedestrians were jaywalking. The sign had the red hand thing showing and they kept walking. It was only after she got hit that pedestrians had the right of way. Fucking retards. Looks like both their faults. The cyclist was coming in too fast when he could clearly see in plenty time that there were people in the crosswalk. It was also the lady's fault cause she was so obvlivious. Just because you're in the crosswalk doesn't change the fact that you're in the middle of the street. Hi there, what cam are you using? Doesn’t look like a goporo. I have the GoPro 4, but the batts only last 45mins! :( and my journey home is 1hr 40. So every time I have to stop half way to change batts. Would like to if there any better cams out there. Thanks 😊 The cyclist had plenty of time to identify the pedestrian on zebra crossing but instead kept going without paying 0 attention, I feel bad for the women who got hit hope she's making a speedy recovery This will continue until people realize that the major cities, metropolitant areas are over crowded and over populated to designate bike sections.  Cyclist should stick to bike trails. As a Dutchman I have decided Americans should LEARN TO STAY OFF THE ROAD.
and also I dunno, city road design, that's something they should learn too. I hate Cyclists so much. If i could, I would run over one every day nice aim Even though people need to watch out when crossing the street, cyclists also have to stop if people are crossing and not paying attention. fucking idiot be aware people...start all practicing mindfullness Cojones juice, español verdad? why was she in the crosswalk instead of the thing Bro I couldve dodged that on a brakeless fixie This happened to me too.  The unexpected stop by pedestrian or car is when you realize bike brakes aren't meant for quick stops... Yellow does not mean keep going and try to beet the red light , he kept going even if he saw people walking thru , that could have been a child The times I’ve visited NY, most if not everyone in every crossing jaywalked. The walk/don’t’ walk light was merely an inconvenient suggestion. I was teased of being a typical tourist when I actually stopped at the curb for a don’t walk light. “You’re obviously not from here”. Well, sucks to say but that’s what happens when you don’t follow crosswalk signals. Just cuz you have the right of way as a pedestrian doesn’t mean it’s the safest option. Chinese people cross the streets looking at the sky. BODIED lol COJONES JUICE She just fucking stands there. t h o t  e l i m i n a t e d if you dont live in new york city you wouldnt understand. Drivers are fucking idiots especially TLC drivers. Pedestrians think they own the fucking road. The lady had to be chinese didn’t she. I swear these people are born to just be annoying and stop dead infront of you at inconvenient times FINALLY! HOWMANY VIDEOS I SAW OF PEOPLES RECORDING THE VIDEO AND RUNNING AWAY!! SOME ONE WITH A HEART! yea. well... when a man has pink socks on that's what he gets. jesus fuck pussy. dress like a man for christs sake. Why sorry? The lil faggbitch went at Red so no merci for her lil asian ass Fuck living and working in cities, dont get why people like them at all. Don't stand still when a bike is coming towards you. Logic Guess he wasn't able to ser her, what with her wearing the same obnoxiously loud shirt as him and all.. Crazy you didn't check on that person... you didn't try to help or nothing I hope you get hit real soon People riding bikes in traffic deserve everything they get they r ignaront, selfish, pig head ass holes they think they own the paths the roads any where and don't have to instant rules the less there are the better the world would be same goses dormitory bike riders too  hate true ass holes they are nothing but disasters to every one, Good song at the end. Carolina liar - i'm not over Both at fault. The biker could have made a better attempt to stop or get out of the way. The old lady was so focused on the side of the road with no oncoming traffic and stood still letting the bike hit her (possibly on purpose). LOOK BOTH WAYS BEFORE CROSSING THE ROAD FFS. Wait what do they mean exchange numbers!!!!!!????







-_- She got rocked lmfaoo Of course """"bicyclists"""" start thinking of their bikes as women (or for women I guess it would be even more so since those bike seats look practically phallic sometimes)for a couple of reasons:
1. Their Bikes will never tell them how fucking ridiculous they look in those little stretchy pants.
2. Their bikes are the only things that are touching their 'junk' vigorously...not counting Mary Palmer.
3. They undergo a little physical activity and when the endorphins kick in and they reach the """"Runner's High"""", in which the body puts out those """"feel good"""" chemicals to distract you, of course they get delusional.

So I guess Mr. Spandex was too distracted rubbing his 'bike boner' up against his banana seat (or other anatomical parts) to notice the womna who was RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIM enough to think """"I am entering an intersection and there is a crosswalk....I should slow down.""""

That video of your's aint going to help him. Even if you """"have the light"""" Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way regardless ESPECIALLY when the video very clearly shows you could see people using the crosswalk long before he ever got there. Sure, the WALK signal only activated a split second after he hit the woman so she was not supposed to be in the crosswalk but since she was cars and bikes are obligated to stop. Lol whining about not getting a discount on a camera. They didn't know you are Casey Neistat. why the hell did the bicycler just keep ride his bike while there was people crossing a cross walk, cyclist's fault , and he was about to go through a red light.. he kept riding his bike through a yellow light.. is he blind.. he just rode his bike through people. why would you live there... It was your fault What kid of camera was used ? Doesn't even check to see if the woman is alright, just watches then cycles off. Completely different culture to most places in the UK where everyone would be asking if she was okay. Bikers are at fault as usual. It’s not that fucking hard to swerve to the left. You all in the comments are acting like a grandma should outpace a bike going ~20mph to get out the way. I genuinely don’t understand that logic. Also to those of you saying she had plenty of time to react or was walking backwards; she turned her head when the biker was a couple feet away and she did not walk backwards, she simply took a step back to allow the other biker, who isn’t even in a bike lane, to pass through. To Be Honest Both Of Them made a mistake the lady moved backwards when she was crossing thats why the biker thought that it would have been ok to continue straight because she was moving forward. The mistake of the biker is not being able to brake or not slowing down, i dont know i always bike on the street and every time i see a person on the pedestrian lane i always perform a quick feather break to ensure that nobody gets hit. Pedestrians fault for not looking both ways before you cross. People will always try to make it across a yellow light but a person trying to get across should ALWAYS look both ways for this exact reason. Me on a bike in gta Why did she just stop walking like speed up or go walk back to the sign like wtf I hate when ppl just stop and wait to get hit blew through the yellow/red light... slammed into pedestrian.  Cyclists routinely don't follow the signage and lights in LA... they seem to think that the rules don't apply to them. and I am not talking about teens... people in their 20's, 30's and 40's just seem to think that being on a bike gives them privileges that we mere mortals don't have. Pedestrians need to fucking watch where they’re going Hmm. You crossed into red, they started crossing during red.
Fault pedestrian. Just saying slow down when people are visible at crosswalk, that poor lady was scared out of her mind. Just be careful and enjoy your bike ride 😀 Was he not gonna slow down? Did you not see the fucking pedestrians? They always have the right away She stopped and leaned back into the bike.  Her fault Pedestrians fault because if you look at the crossing sign, it wasn’t her turn to be walking. And even though it was a yellow light for the biker, it is still his turn to go through. Plus that lady just stopped in the middle of the road. She could have avoided getting hit if she continued walking or just never crossed at the wrong time in the first place. She was breaking the law by being retarded and j-walking. Everyone is blaming the cyclist for being entitled and “he should have stopped at the yellow light”. First off he should be entitled because he wasn’t doing anything wrong, and the old cunt lady was j-walking (out of the way originally) and then backed into his lane like a moron. Second, when there is a yellow light, it is not a stop sign. It is an indicator that the red light is coming up. Yes, the cyclist could have slowed down but he didn’t have to. Also a lot of people are saying that he could have avoided the incident by swerving out of the way or stopping. Since he was going decently fast (legally) and the woman backed up in front of him at the last second, it would have been impossible for anyone’s mind to comprehend that. And even if he did swerve, he would have to do it so fast that his bike would slip. And he also couldn’t have breaked (for the same reasons above) except instead of slipping, his bike would have flipped. It was 95% the woman’s fault and would have been 100% avoidable if she didn’t j-walk in the first place. What a dumb video. This is both faults, but more on the woman to be honest.... You don't just stop in the middle of the road. The old lady had to step back because she was worried about hitting you.. not realizing another cyclist was going behind her. This was your fault man.. if you hadn’t have passed and stayed behind the old lady would have crossed fine and both of you would have gone behind her. Dude. At least you passed on the left while blowing a light in an intersection. What could possibly go wrong? That girl got hit at a height of 140 feet WASTED The guy riding the bike actually hit the woman as the light turns red he did enter the intersection on the yellow but it’s on exiting it under read why can’t you just stop wire bike such assholes Cyclists own the road i thought you knew He wasn’t even close to making that yellow, she should pay better attention but majority of the fault is on the cyclist People in NYC seem all like assholes somehow... every bike trip I see people are telling other people off, ignoring the laws on every corner, are being arrogant egotrippers, ..  Please tell me I 'm wrong.. Never been to NYC That bike didnt even try to dodge the woman She stoped and backed up right into her it's her fault Man he did that just to get her phone number. Lol Look both ways before crossing a no walk sign lol Ok man I'll delete it hahaha liar liar pants on fire the biker has the momentum and force so it so hard to brake and the pedestrian walk forward and then walk backward again so the biker thought that the pedestrian will walk straight forward
p.s. it's only my opinion, and observation based on the video Interesting slice of life there. I literally always ride in the same areas lol Both at fault She walked backwards into the bikes path to get hit, completely her fault... insurance fraud attempt... this isn’t China This Asian bitch she didn't got hurt at all she just wants to make money of the guy Stupid bicycle riders. I want to see them all get hit by a truck. The cyclist has nothing to be sorry for... She was definitely a scammer, pulling a job.... Shame, I guess she thought she was in the money.. Lol wrong nice video BTW Insurance scammer 2:15 thank me later The idiot cyclist run a red light. You guys are only mad at the cyclist because he hit an old lady, had it been a younger man.. nobody would care. (Change my mind) Let's put a bike lane where there is no room for one 🤔 wow Cyclists fault are you cyclist all dumb and blind the guy with the camera shows just what is going on in front off him the prick who runs into the kid has plenty of time to slow down and see the danger he was just trying to race the guy on is shoulder and not paying attention what was in front of him he should be done What’s the worst part of being a cyclist ? 

Telling your parents you’re gay... As a pedestrian you ALWAYS got to look both ways. She is lucky she got hit by a bike and not a car. gööd sö izzy nav ^ ^





ääh vikings in nüh jöÄG :S 5:10 möhRi bünti hill isst ^ ^ 1:22 well keep that between us. (And the 1.4 million viewers on Youtube) 
B A S E DASED I never thought the Asian stereotype was true. However, today I saw an Asian couple in a ford going about 20mph in a 40. Wtf. People were honking like mad but the couple were just completely oblivious. No wonder Asian countries have some of the worst car accident track records. Pedestrians fault for jumping the lights!  and taxi drivers are always cutting me off on my bike as they pull over or make illegal u-turns or illegal right turns from bike lanes....for that taxi to be so offended because someone pulled in front of him... and didn't even end up blocking him is a fucking joke! Ban Cycling and problems in traffic mostly She’s a skilled Fraudster 💯💯💯💯💯💯 Pedestrian stepped out into the crosswalk and stops. She stands still and bam...if she had continued taking steps he could have avoided colliding with her. He couldn't have anticipated her stepping into the street and just standing there like a calf at a new gate. Poor guy on the bike will have that weighing on his conscience. Who the fuck steps into a busy street without looking for oncoming traffic? I hope he wasn't injured...she experienced the """"the world revolves around me"""" treatment...yeah because it doesn't! There's a whole world existing outside of yourselves folks! This is why you look both ways when crossing Both should get fined for not paying attention to the rules of the road that's what the lanes are there for for your safety cyclist [screams] Bikes deal with the same thing cars and trucks do idiot pedestrian. They don't look they don't stay on the sidewalk and they expect cars bikes and anything else with wheels to stop for them It was her fault. Terrible cyclist. Doesn't look ahead. Good thing he doesn't have a driver's license. Yep even cyclists have to stop at a zebrapath but this pedastrian had a red light,gonna be a insurance nightmare If you think the biker is at fault please look at this, or skip to 2:20

https://gyazo.com/0f9eedfcea0e1d9ac27eb801160f6012

At the exact moment of collision, the pedestrian light was still red (or the hand, whatever you prefer), MEANING she should NOT be crossing.
They all waited for the car, but none of them yielded to the bikes who had the right of way. You can see the cyclist breaking and yelling as soon as she stopped walking right in front of him. The only way to avoid that situation was to slow down beforehand. Unfortunately the light was yellow so the cyclist was under pressure to go fast. Shit happens. For those same reasons if someone stopped walking in front of the dude taking the video the same shit would have happened What camera is this? I'm in need of one but don't know how to pick one. Like the info it displays. Thats was a well known scam by that woman. Its well known in china. They double back to get hit or throw them selves into harm way to get money. Walking on red. AND NOT EVEN LOOKING! Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid pedestrian. But the cyclist should be more careful also. I would probably not have done that. And I've cycled in cities for 40 years now, without any accidents... Is both their fault, he didn’t slow down at the yellow light  and she crossed while it was red. I hate when people do that they walking then they walk back like is that necessary even with cars Bikes are suppose to be on sidewalks. Hi. I live in hungary I see every day the road on bike or a motorcikle...
The road at you (I don't know where u live) is better, than here. 
Sorry for my bad english. I just learning :D.
And I wish to U wide road! When riding on the street a bicycle is a vehicle and has to obey all of the same traffic laws as such.  You entered into an intersection against the light.  Meaning the lady likely had a  okay to walk sign.  Strike 1

Pedestrians always have the right of way even when they don't.  That doesn't mean they can throw themselves in front of you this lady was in a designated crosswalk and likely had the walk sign.  Strike 2

In an effort to make yourselves feel less terrible you try to pass the blame.  Man up take the blame for hitting a pedestrian. Strike 3

If I was the lady I would sue.  Sad thing is it would be a waste of time because she would never see a penny of the judgement.  What little the scumbag that hit her ever paid if any the lawyer would take. It​ a​ Red​ light That poor lady in the first clip... thanks for breaking it down Cyclist 100% at fault. Middle of intersection the lights were red. No excuse lol cuz these asian dont know when to cross a freakin street. well thats not it!! u give way to a pedestrian crossing they walk like in a cat walk, when ur lucky cellphone txting while crossing a street is a plus. they also have to be sensitive enough that we gave way for them to cross but we also need to reach out destination so they have to hurry up so we can also get moving. This women wasn’t taught to look both ways I'd shove that entire bike up his peddling pink shirt fruit cup ass. Damn poor guy turned pale from hitting her It’s the asian ladies fault she shouldn’t be walking in the street when it’s not there right away fucking asian retards Both here are at fault Let me just say, you are fucking lucky to even have bike lanes. All the cyclists here just ride on the sidewalks mostly, the road is dangerous Stupid ass bitch... She got oofed on you technically did run through the red light as it was red when you were half way in the intersection. im not saying you are at ll the fault the lady should not have crossed since the crosswalk sign was not on walk it was still on stop. you are both technically to blame here. The cyclist should have slowed down. Its not just 1 ped but 3 in close proximity. 0:03 This is what pisses me off about traffic the most. Just because you have the right of way (cyclist) doesn't mean you should keep going forward like a zombie and force your right of way on people. That crash could have been foreseen seconds before it happened. If there's a pedestrian who made a mistake, acknowledge that fact and act accordingly instead of making the situation worse and mindlessly driving as if there are no pedestrians on the road just because you have """"the right of way"""".
Dumb people all around. """"we'll keep that between us"""" ... Uploads in on YouTube Old lady was crossing on red. Puts her in the wrong. But there’s no way you can excuse the fact that the cyclist should’ve seen her AS she was crossing, before he even got to the intersection. Could’ve easily navigated around her or even stop. But yes, the lady was in the wrong regardless. Well to be fair, her peripheral vision lacks Give way to pedestrians? the cyclists crossed on the yellow, but the lady they hit was allready crossing when vehicles had a green, so it wasnt the cyclists fault right? Cojones juice, as a spanish guy myself I found it really interesting Man, I thought my country was horrible for bike riding but what I see here is horrible too. typical super uber -being attitude !!! the “cyclist” hit a pedestrian because he stinks at riding a bike. just another cold, dead inside white man who immediately tries to blame the victim. fuck that dude. Pedestrians fault, they had a red no walk light so they shouldn’t have been crossing, cyclists light was still Green/Amber when they crossed it at normal traffic speed. Jay walking in Australia lands you a $60 fine, and only a day ago a jaywalking pedestrian that was hit by a taxi cab, had to pay a jaywalking fine and got no cover for their injuries. It’s the pedestrian’s fault if they cross on a red, I’ve had to slam the breaks and stop at speed for a dumb old lady crossing a walkway by herself when I had a green, if I hit her, it sure as well wouldn’t be my fault. She literally stopped on the crossing, what an idiot! That's the main problem why accidents like this happen. Instead of going on in order to avoid an accident people always stop in such situations that's the worst thing to do what to you think is the reason why James Dean died..... F Much shit road raging in the end, people need to relax. Happy Im not living in an urban area anymore Forget about the law, ur bike, the cops, and the video just think about the fact that an old lady got hit. Press F to pay respect Lmao Vagina people be like i need to all of the sudden stop in the middle of this road seems like a vagina people thing to do 2:31 she moved backwards most likely for money. Hold on, I know that song in the intro. The bikes were traveling a good 19 mph when the light turned yellow. That doesn't sound very fast, but for a bike it is. They would have had to slam on the brakes in order to stop, and likely would have still skidded into the intersection since they were only about 20 feet from it when the light turned yellow. That would have been much more unsafe than continuing through the intersection on a yellow light.  The lady didn't have the okay at the crosswalk until after they already collided. She was most definitely in the wrong and had no business being in the street before the light changed. She likely only began to cross because the pedestrian in front of her was crossing and she thought the light had switched, but that doesn't excuse what she did. She needs to pay more attention before walking out into traffic. Just like we're all taught as kids, look both ways before you cross the street. If she had, this accident never would have happened. He makes us cyclists look bad. It's his fault cyclists still need to follow the rules of the road and yellow means stop. I love usa ! Lmao get rekt I got hit by a bicyclist on the sidewalk knock me down and then called me names HAHAHAHAHAHAHA she won't jaywalk again. Fuckin moron I've done this a million times, peddling through a yellow/red light before opposing traffic starts moving. And, I'm lucky this has never happened. He entered the intersection before the light turned red, which is not a moving violation in NYC. Ethically, perhaps he should have done a lot of things, but ultimately it isn't his fault legally. Phenomena is plural. Phenomenon is what you’re meaning. That guy had plenty of room to move and plenty of time to break. IDIOT! Stop for pedestrians douchebag. Cyclists are gross 1) cyclist just barley runs through a yellow light, could be questionable for running a red just because of how close you are, a bike weights 10 lb ( and that’s a heavy bike for a road bike) so it takes no time to stop. 

2) cyclist doesn’t make any attempt to move out of the way of the person in the crosswalk, even though a bycicle takes up around 1/2 a foot of space

But the person who was walking in the intersection was completely in the wrong, she had a red light and decided to walk anyway I bike every day but its people like this that make us look bad! As a cyclist you always gotta be aware of your surroundings Dude, I must get a helmet camera, just in case. What's yours? These videos make me want to take up cycling so bad Cyclist was in the intersecting as the light turned red = perfectly legal

Pedestrian on crosswalk with red hand = illegal


This woman was an idiot and broke the law. She paid the price. I would say both at fault.  Glad no injuries. She clearly stood there intentionally. She’s dumb she was looking the other way when the cars are coming the other way did anyone else see her stop walking and take a step back so that she WOULD be hit? crazy I like how she just stood in the road I still cycle in NYC sometimes and I think it was still the cyclists fault. I hate it when you guys defend the cyclist and make the rest of us look bad. In most country regardless of what the situation, drivers and cyclist need to yield to pedestrians in the zebra crossing. That cyclist was gunning at top speed through the intersection to avoid being in the cross section and be in the wrong of way. If it was an elderly person or child would you have still said it was the pedestrians fault, asshole?
Edit: btw yellow afaik means yield, not 'this is your last chance - gun it' Bruh bicycle lanes are literally a waste of time these big ass vehicles on the road and they gotta be another thing we gotta look out for theres this magical device called a traffic light, maybe that lady should have opened her eyes to avoid a collision, rather than making the cycilist play a game of chicken 1. the pedastrian stopped and let herself fall back

2. her light was red 

3. yellow is not red The cyclists are obviously entitled assholes for not stopping when the light turns orange when they still have plenty of room to brake. However, they were well past the stopping line when it turned red, so it's completely legal.
The pedestrians in this video however are even more entitled assholes for completely ignoring the red light, which only turned green for them AFTER the old lady had been hit. Hopefully it's a wake up call for everyone involved.
I'm fucking scared every time i drive a car because I know one day I might get into a serious accident because someone else decided traffic laws don't apply to them. I don’t understand why she all of a sudden was walking then hesitated to go any further and ended up moving a little back and embracing for the impact. Was she just trying to get money? Cyclist VERY lucky. Old lady like that, if she was to hit her head on the pavement from the accident, she would have died. The bitch literally standing in the middle of the street waiting to cross. Her fault, her back pain, her medical injuries, nothing to see here people just keep it moving. So cross walks. She did that on purpose. She's walking but see's the cyclist and stops then step's back a little then leans right in to the bike. That Chinese lady was jay walking.  Entirely her fault. That was a fine shlap She took a step back. She's one of those insurance scammers Nice electric skateboard shot at the end. I’ll see you out there Close one. 2:14 shows a yellow light before he even enters the intersection, but she is jaywalking and she should not be in the street moonwalking. The kicker on this is that at 2:26 the light is red and the cyclist has not cleared the intersection, so he ran the red light. The guy filming is busting all of his friends' chops: """"Delete that."""" """"Sure."""" And then he posts the video. Friend runs over an old lady in a crosswalk and he slows the video down to demonstrate the traffic violation his friend committed. Then circles back around to provide the incriminating video to his friend to take to court. 😂😂😂 Wasted... I had something similar but more dangerous simply because it was a 5 or 4 year old girl. I was skating on the side walk fast as possible I love speed and it was also kinda downhill so you can imagine and I make a lot of noice  and the family well ahead of course heard me and looked and even though they knew I was coming in hot they didn't bother on warning their daughter and the little girl was walking around and as I was about to pass at full speed the little girl decides at the last second to take a few steps back quick and BOOM i jump off the board, tried to evade her passing  by her side and took a lot of steps and the mom scream and everyone looked over. The girl was standing In the same spot but starting at me in thank you kind of way for not taking her with me. If i didn't do what I did she would of have been seriously injured going to the ER. I got in my knee and told her sorry and left.

Bottom line is, parents take care of your kids! It pisses me off. The other day I was eating at my local place and kids run around the play land without shoes or socks and the employee was mopping the floor and even though their parents See him mopping the parents don't take action and if their child slips they are going a blame the employee even though he had signs. Put some F socks on your sons feet for F sakes. I really don't understand, parents are so F retardedly irresponsible! Seems pretty cut and dry to me, thanks to the slow-mo viewpoint... 

The pedestrian hesitated after deciding to jump the walk sign, 
just before it’s about to turn - notice that the person walking ahead of them had done it, which I can speak from experience sort of triggers a sub-conscious urge to assume safety - thus cross as well. 
(Y’all know exactly what I mean, right? I have dogs - I walk a lot lol ) 
I see this everywhere as well as experience it myself sometimes.

ANYWAY - the point is her hesitation.  Her reason for stepping into the street doesn’t matter.  
•she steps quickly into the street, while clearly visually indicating to all her obvious intention of rushing across (quick jaywalk, nothing crazy)
•she suddenly realizes that she hadn’t actually meant to jaywalk and quickly Pauses in the street as a result.
•in that blink of an eye instance she was only looking for vehicles  - but was looking the other way.

Technically speaking - the biker continuing to finish crossing the intersection after entering it at a yellow light of course had the right-of-way.  
The issue with running “borderline” yellow-red light turns is speeding up (to “make the light”) when it could be reasonably avoided.  

The pedestrian was at fault.. as far as I can see that should be obvious to anyone watching the slowed-down clip. It was Red hand when biker hit her and free to walk as they are falling to be floor. It seems red light for cyclist who also didn't bother to slow down when he was clearly going into a crowd so you clearly have a case of oh I don't give a shit. All pedestrians are stupid and all cyclists are stupid. Do they never get off their bikes and vice versa? Maybe it's just the same stupid people taking two different forms. I'd say it's the cyclists fault. They shouldnt have ran that yellow light It's never good to ride around Flatbush to much people on the bike lane and cars don't respect that's why I rather just go ride my bike in prospect or sunset park Idk how people live in a city like that. I have noticed that in states pedestrians have a death wish, they never look at the road when crossing. Nobody ever seems to look for incoming cars.
A simple glance to the left would have advised pedestrians to stay on the sidewalk Both of them were at fault You just keep on going and the light was yellow than red Did they all try to run the red light? Looks pretty red to me. Here’s a tip. Don’t cross when there a huge fucking LED red hand telling you to not cross How dumb is she, let’s just walk backwards while crossing the road/bike lane I can't stand this mellow idiot that's filming. He can't spell, he is extremely wussy when it comes to handling females, and he argues against someone who's defending himself. A useless individual. A phenomenon, many phenomena. Its hard to miss a pink guy. Kindness bro! Thanks for helping! 4:25 Wait it's a guy? What the actual... That woman literally stopped in the middle of the cross walk and took a step back to get hit by that guy me hitting life be like ya... pause at 2:16 he ran a red light.... an amber light its 'stop unless unable to do so' no only was in amber way before he hit the intersection; the light was red. cyclist fault 90% 10%, she should have started walking yet, but im guessing thats why she paused They were all at fault. The front bicycle entered the intersection on the stalest of yellows, half the diameter of the front tire was in the intersection when the red light came on which means the photographer definitely entered the intersection on a red. The woman was standing in the crosswalk on a """"do not cross"""" signal, trying to decide whether to cross or not when she should have been doing so from the curb. She also changed course, probably from seeing the photographer in her peripheral vision. The double yellow line to the far side of the crosswalk is 65ft. At approximately 17mph the typical stopping distance for a car would have been able safely stop before entering the intersection (even if blocking the crosswalk). The guy in pink states that his bicycle was crashed about a month prior and it was his first use of the bicycle since that use. If either bicyclist had chosen to stop upon the yellow signal, or the woman had not entered the crosswalk, this collision probably wouldn't have happened. Also, had the photographer chosen to stay single file the woman would likely have continued moving forward out of the bicycle lane. I don't see any reason for the photographer to pass when they're all moving within 1 to 2 mile per hour of each other. Additionally, more bicycles continued through the intersection on the red due to the leader's and photographer's  choice to proceed. YouTube can play one frame at a time with comma and period keys. Just because you have the right of way doesn't mean you have the right to be an asshole. The persons of cyclists who break traffic rules far exceeds motorists. Motorists brake in time so they don't have to run over them. Next time I see a cyclist getting in my way I will floor it. Riding bike in crosswalk... illegal Didn't even attempt to avoid the pedestrians in the crosswalk. dumb. Meh. Everyone got problems. No ones problems are so special I should start caring. I wont ask anyone to care about mine either. Bored I hate street cyclists. Roads are for cars not your antiquated crapcycle Wasn't she a ready on the crossing so I blame the cyclists . Typical asian. Step into road WITHOUT LOOKING, then, stop in middle of road WITHOUT LOOKING. NYC ?! Scam looking for some cash Looks like an awful place to ride. I wouldn’t do it. Too many cars, too much confrontation, too many trump supporters in cars, abusing their privileges of driving.
But you’re mellow and calm and keeping the peace so kudos to you The lady saw the camera man zooming through the cross walk(he was on a yellow light so he’s technically suppose to yield) and the lady had to back up for the camera man, causing.  The other shit head who saw her basically in front of her for a good 5 seconds decided to keep zooming, and that lady could have died btw, that dude who hit her can go die If that had been a car the pedestrian would probably be even worse off. Dumb ass why would she walk back? Most insurance scammers seem to be dopes that act and look like...... her I guess 😆 YouTube video wise “Don’t walk” 

doesn’t mean

“jump out then freeze waiting to end your life” 0:03 damn woman's moaning instead of screaming from pain Bitch faked it for money I thought it said “Colon Juice” I watched this for the thumbnail of the 1996-1997 accord The pink dude is from Austin TX. dont know what video you are watching..but ya'll entered that intersection on a late yellow and it turned red before he reached mid intersection..thats running a red sport...if it was red at mid intersection she had a green light Move bitch get out the bike lane It’s all the cyclist fault. The light was yellow and turned red before he crossed and also he did attempt to avoid hitting the lady. He did brake or move The cyclist didn’t even slow down or move or anything. U shouldn’t be going that fast on the intersection if u see multiple people crossing you are an awful human being for seeing an old lady get run over, which can break bones at that age - not bat an eye, not check on her and offer the guy video. i just wanted you to know that you are a terrible person. as for the other guy, i'm a biker and i've never seen worse situational awareness from anyone. lol at him on his expensive bike with the mental capacity and reaction of a 2 year old. Do cyclists forget that they have fucking breaks? You don’t have to speed through people that are walking in the crosswalk even if you have the right of way. Just slow the fuck down sometimes yeah? The cyclist was in her field of view and she stopped leaving him with one second to react, which is not much if he was not prepared for her stopping all of a sudden. 
However the cyclist has to look out for pedestrians in general.

// It is pretty hard to argue against her stopping on purpose right in front of him btw., but both did a mistake there. Not only do cyclists think they own the road, they clearly think they own peoples motor vehicles. First instance, the guy who accidentally hits the pedestrian leans his bike up against someone’s vehicle. Second instance, the guy who hits the white car with his hand. I’d love to see what they would do in a one on one conversation with the people who own these vehicles. 

I’m a keen cyclist, motorcyclist and car driver. In each domain, I respect the other ones. Road cyclists just respect one another, that’s it. Parasites of the road. AKA WANKERS! Cyclist 1: ”Feels like a woman, you can fuck it and it’ll do whatever you tell it to do”

Cyclist 2: ”We’Ll KeEp ThAt BeTwEeN uS” She stepped backwards into the bike.... God help us... u 2 are fucken morons. Well she didn’t learn how to fucken look right and left i would have avoided her and i don't even own gay bike clothes. Haven't your parents told you to look left to right before crossing? Don't blame it on ppl who rides, drives and cycling. It's your fault for not looking, not those who are unaware that you might gonna cross. To be fair, the pedestrian hit the bicyclist. If you don't know how to use your brakes you shouldn't ride a bike.     He didn't even try to stop Both crossings were Red Hand Signal Her eyes couldn't open wide enough She couldn't see him coming first of all, that light was yellow for the whole time that it can be seen in this video, and you could even see it turn red on the right side light,  before he hit the pedestrian.
and second, if you are not able to avoid  hiting a pedestrian in a sittuation like that, you best try riding a jackass or something. why u walk back When you skipped from the female being knocked down to 3.45, i tot that was blood, smh. That woman is 100% in the wrong, she didn't look both ways then back to the first way again, it's left, right, left, cross or right, left, right, cross depending on where you live, not left, right/right, left, cross- also she stopped in the bike lane, her own fault. Just evidence of cyclists badly. The collision with the pedestrian was easy to avoid. Plenty of people were crossing against the light, a common thing in NYC plus the cyclist could have stopped on the yellow plus blocking crosswalks is a show of indifference to traffic laws. These guys record the bad and ugly egomaniac cyclists: me, me, me!!!! Color was yellow when you went. Also she stood in the bike lane not behind that parked car which would also be safer and out of the cyclist way. Dude was staring right at her and still hit her. I'm glad his ass isn't driving a car. Haha im not the only ny 🚴 Wait for the cross walk walking sign and look both ways, dumb lady. So who’s to blame the cyclist or the pedestrian?? Wow!!! Even though you offered to give him a copy of the video you're still a real piece of s*** you said you had an idea as you were riding away... that should have been the first thing that popped in your stupid head was to offer him the video because 9 times out of 10 they would have tried to put it on him and he would have no way of proving any different .....shame on you. Yeah back in the 80s we would just kinda ride a bike somewhere and not give it a second thought.  The focus was on other more important things, the bike riding was just nothing.  But yeah I guess this bubble wrap generation have to make a big deal out of everything.  Got no clue lol. TECHNICALLY the driver banging their mirror commited a hit-and-run :D
Technically... Why does this have so many dislikes? Bike kiddies are pitiful! Rip grandma In uk this would be the cyclists fault as you are required to  give way to pedestrians on (what we call zebra crossing) these granola bikers are so busy looking at that front wheel turning they can't see 20 feet ahead Asians aren't good with spatial awareness Calling the cops over that? Really? You got to be joking Looks like an Asian, always Asians causing problems in traffic. I like how you edit your videos and the music you listen to Old bag deserved it.
Right of way all the way. i love his taste in music. so much. Miss the good old days(70s,80s and 90s).when there was no stupid bike line..

More regulations,more to thinking about easier to
Forget unexpected things. Didnt know how to safely ride his bike.... Pause on 2:40 😂 Why are people against the cyclist? The woman was in the intersection with a red hand already in the street Asians are good for faking injuries What camera are you using? Nice clear video 👍🏻 Triggered I would've tried to drift around her You left scene of an accident with evidence? Yellow means stop, not excellerate to beat red light. Besides, the cyclist couldn’t see the pedestrian. Death penalty. Run a red light, hit a pedestrian. I like how it's the old bitches fault like  u stopped and went back and stopped like a fuckin retarded Heres the thing , Cyclists! you know those little things you deem really unimportant called the RULES of the ROAD, you know little things like Traffic lights, Stop signs, No entry, One way street and of course Pedestrian f***ing crossings, well guess what...you going to love this. They apply to YOU as well as cars! shocking isnt it. Also do cyclists have to ride everywhere at light speed? like how f***ing fast was he riding!!!! she didnt stand a chance. 6:34 u can thank me later Pedestrian entered the intersection on Do Not Walk and stood there, then backed up.
Cyclist entered intersection on yellow light and pedestrian backed into cyclist’s path.
New York streets, drivers, cyclists, and pedestrians generally suck. she had a red light, she shouldnt have been in the crosswalk Haha reckless driving I mean they DID go through a red light after all. He clearly had time to stop For u idiots saying it's the cyclists fault it's not the woman was walking forward and took a step back on purpose You’re a douche bro. Yea I hate when people step back at the last minute 😡 She was crossing when she wasn't supposed too bikers fault no matter what colour the light was as 100% visibility and plenty of time to stop. Also illegal to go through yellow if you have time to stop but never enforced. . Also light WAS red anyway. Why she stop? Ridiculous women😃 I for one will keep putting all cyclists in the same group of idiots until I see at least one, just one, start to obey the rules of the road. Self righteous morons that think they are entitled to ride their bikes any way they see fit because they 'are saving the planet' by biking everywhere. Get off the roads! And yes, the idiot that hit the pedestrian is 100% at fault!!!! A cyclist must give way to any vehicle or entity smaller than himself. fucking jaywalker she got what she got because of her own stupidity idk why he apologised to her for her stupidity Cyclists are the worst. Insurance fraud He need some milk I think it's pretty stupid to keep cycling to fast when you're at an intersection The pedestrian looked at the biker and stepped back into his path. how is it the bikers fault? (Idk where these people are from but where I am its legal to pass a yellow light when you're close to it and it turns yellow) that's beating the red light. so the traffic laws does not affect cyclist. cyclist fault. Faggots. Cyclist are the most entitled people on the road, I know a few die hard cyclists and all the do is complain.   They get mad because they get stuck in traffic but don’t like for people to pass close by when they hold up traffic. 2:15 cyclist disrespected the red light Th light was red before he got across the intersection, but the pedestrian also should have looked and would have seen him coming.  It looked like she was OK. He was in the intersection before it turned red, and she is at fault for crossing when the hand was up to instruct her not to cross. Thanks for taking care of the other bicyclist who ran into the woman standing in the middle of the road. She clearly stopped on purpose, in the clip you can clearly see her stop and back up into his path. I’m 5 seconds into the clip and all sympathy for her is lost. He should’ve slowed down when he saw people in the cross walk. He figured he was right so he didn’t have to slow down or stop for old people crossing the road.  Sad she will never really heal from that fall. """"garmin declined to sponsor this video"""" hehe :p All cyclists should be run over....At least once, to see how it feels.Bet they won’t ride like morons after that.
Guy who ran into Chinese lady, he had right of way, but was still stupid..Look ahead and far, not near you.That lady was visible from 30 yards, slow down in the intersection. Every-day all-weather city cyclist here.. dude, you're not doing us a favor. Not to mention that the """"my bike is like a woman, I fuck it and it happily obliges"""" comment from your buddy is both degrading and stupid (how does the bike=toy feeling translate for hetero women & gay men?) and that it makes you look like a complete jackass for not editing it out though you promised to. Ah and one last thing: the singular of phenomena is phenomenon. Happy to help, kthxbai The person didn’t fuckin move mate no wonder they got hit He clearly saw her standing there and he kept going for it. This was intentional no doubt about it. I hope she sued his dumb ass. It’s the pedestrians fault she stopped in the middle of the walk I don’t feel sorry for her Why’d that dumb bitch stop in the middle of the road lmao. Should’ve gone faster and smacked into her harder I believe in natural selection. Pedestrians fault! Also, don’t live in a major city if you want to avoid some bull shit. How do you just stand there and watch?     Sad moral compass dude. OMG, where is this ? Danger place for cyclists 😳 I invite you all, to come to the Netherlands. We have a reputation, to be the most save and bike-friendly country  🚴‍♀️🚴‍♂️ That dickhead needs to slow down and pay attention to the road NYC is not a place to be riding fast... I bet if that lady was your mother would you be defending the cyclist? He stayed on the same line and did not seem to be braking. It looked like the woman purposely step in front of him cause she pauses and backs up into his path But she stands there....bruh
Because she doesn't see or because she is scared??
Or is the cyclist fault?
=/ A**hole biker ran the red, clear as day. INVISIBLE MODE! 
Fail.... Sa matao paca Why are u standing so far away like you're scared Pedestrian hit at 2:17 Boi that take on me at the beginning 😂 2:16 where you came for Look both ways dumbass Dude who made the video isn't even gonna ask the lady if she's alright. Man i hate NY cyclists Wtf how can she be stupid at that? Wasn’t even looking 😂 Where was all this filmed? Nice looking place. 방어 운전 못하는  병신 라이더들이네 Amber is stop if you can safely not go through if you can make it, both cyclists had loads of time to safely stop at the lights Why did she step back Too violent for me🤣 I thought this was France till I saw the taxi, I thought this was new York still I saw the end of the video, now I'm confused Wait.....512????.....MAYBE NOT IDK!?? True. In this video:
- police parking on the bicycle lane
- woman crossing the road on red without looking
- multiple other people jaywalking
- a taxi blocking the bicycle lane
- guy overtaking in dangerous fashion
What people are upset about:
- cyclist might have been able to stop when the light switched to yellow faggots 2:14 light is yellow and you idiots speed up to try and make it.. 2:15 light is red and you haven't even gone 1/4 of the way across.. Either you follow the rules of the road or you don't. The cyclist was 100% at fault. Yellow light means slow down and stop. Not speed up and try and make it. Entitled assholes.
1. The light was red long before you hit the middle of the intersection. That means the bicyclist was in the wrong. 
2. Pedestrians have the right of way in a crosswalk at all times unless an emergency vehicle is coming. Again, cyclist in the wrong. 
3. Pedestrian was in the crosswalk... Again, cyclist in the wrong.
4. You can not jay walk in a cross walk.. Idiot. 
5. So, cyclist at fault. Stop trying to defend him.
6. Bullshit answer.. 
7. So she was a good person and you still try to defend the asshat.. Nice job.. 

You wonder why Garmin wont give you a discount? She backed up into it Video title: """"How a soft white man views the world"""" the pedestrian cross light was red and changed to white after being hit. The pedestrian was at fault. Cyclists is guilty why he was sorry, he failed to pay attention he had plenty of time to slow down and avoid he failed I’m a cyclist and seen that coming a mile away he simply had the attitude he had the right failing to regard for human error You asshole bikers cant use crosswalks like you're pedestrians and then use traffic lights like you're a vehicle. """"Great Parking Boys""""  ... your a real smart ass. Most bicycle riders are. What is that intro music lool bike dont have breaks … i think ... I feel that both the cyclist and lady were at fault. The lady shouldn't of crossed and tge cyclist should of been paying closer attention just like in a car. I'm always having to watching idiots trying to cross the road along with other cars etc etc... DANGEROUS AND VIOLENT CYCLISTS You guys ran that red light What a chaotic road. Also that woman looked like she realised later that she wasn’t supposed to cross and retraced her footsteps only to walk right into a crash lol well why are they walking when the walking light is red This is why people hate cyclists, ride like they are above the rules 2:34 Dude was only going about 15 mph when he hit her. He should've been able to swerve around her or stop if he had been paying attention. I'm sure he felt guilty about that. I actually hate road cyclists such cretins. The woman isn’t even hurt anymore and you guys are exchanging phone numbers you could
Literally just make sure the woman is good and then once you know she is ok you can leave You couldn't pay me to live in a filthy, congested city like that. DID YOU NOTICE THE LADY STEPED BACK?! If you watch the slow motion clip, you see her walking forward and then she sees the bike and puts one foot back and stands still. look 1 way and step and pause and smile and splat I mean she was wearing pink. What color should she wear so that he could have seen her? She was stationary too. That dude didn't hit the brakes until he was right up on her. lol Cyclists entered intersection on yellow light. It turned red midway through intersection. Cyclist broke law. Cyclists vehicle. It pissed me off you just say there and looked for some reason lol Yellow means prepare to stop for the red light not roll through an occupied crosswalk. Thankfully that dipshit was not driving a car! Blind as fuck loser cant stop for the cross walk ! POOR EXAMPLE! """"I had the light"""" no you didn't pal haha Cyclists are self entitled idiots no licence needed no insurance No road tax it's a joke and if I hit them in my car it's my fault! Uhm, Asian, check. Old, check. Woman, check. I want to say I’d see this coming Word to the wise--I ride and it's true that in NYC the pedestrian always has the right of way, even when they are technically disobeying the crosswalk. You should have control of your bike or car at all times and be prepared to make an emergency stop. Trust me, the court will always side with the pedestrian, even when they're drunk and out of control. I think I would say no one is at fault.  Pedestrian was walking without a walk signal.  Bicyclist had plenty of time to stop at the light, entered the intersection just as the light changed from yellow to red (and the person filming entered it on red). Why Do you have to wear pink socks as cyclist? U can slow down a little... nice pink shirt The cyclist in pink is an asshole...doesn't care about pedestrians she deserved to be hit. nice way to go thru a red light and hit someone, what a wanker K.O. Insurance scammer lol Cyclists in NYC are the worst 3:45 murder scene😲 I replayed it and the lady was at fault it said she wasn’t aloud to walk It doesn't matter who had the red light, it's NYC(it's senseless to expect New Yorkers to follow the rules when everyone is breaking them safely), and he's a cyclist and it's his responsibility to run reds the right way if he's going to do it. What are you fucking blind dude? You see her line, cross in front of her. You had all the time to turn OR AT LEAST brake. 
This is from someone who runs reds daily, and not some spandex nerd with 50 lights on me. I feel so bad for the woman I didnt see no COPs Disrespect towards woman? fuck you xo 2:30 do you see that red hand light? Do you know what this means? Its that bitch own fault. 0:04 1:22 and the rest of the world Did nobody else see the woman who got hit literally stop while walking and walk backwards in the path of the biker? 2:15 That bicyclist really couldnt swerve? Ped is a dumbass...   I cant stand humans that are so selfish that they dont think of their well being The pedestrian saw the bike coming and just stood her ground.   The bike rider could not have been paying attention.  Should have seen her. That light was red when they were half way through. They had plenty of time to stop when the light was yellow If it was a car it would be ticketed  for running a red light. (Besides hitting the pedestrian) You dont really know what cojones juice means, jajajaj its not good dbag cyclists run a yellow, hits poor old lady .... better title Take a closer look, the sign said dont walk. He didnt even look both ways 😂 Yellow or not, if you can't stop in that time, you really need some sort of course. How about this? Stop thinking you can just weave between people that are crossing the road? Idk whos more stupid the pedestrian crossing or the cyclist. Only fags ride in the bicycle lane in nyc 100% of the time. He had about 3 seconds to respond and instead ram right into her. That mf aint sorry. Hes an idiot. Lol my man cant tell me what to do   😂 Cyclists 1st sounded like idiots then acted like retards What a dick. Who leans their bike on another person's car Ever heard of a zebra crossing? bruh it looks like she stepped backwards I hate fact that the pink guy leant his bike on someone else’s car. If it was my car, I would’ve bloody shouted at him. So chinese people are essentially bad at all forms of transportation? Boosted board! 5:55 She saw the bike and purposely walked backwards to get hit to lolll I actually hate cyclists that idiot is not even concerned he hit somebody, all he cares about is if he had the light. if the pedestrian was walking when the hand was flashing, youre supposed to let them finish walking. definitely the cyclist fault, yall are the crackheads of road users fuckin cyclists everywhere. I saw what happens!

For the kid was red and the bikers had green. The kid at the red just stands on the street! She came out of nowhere  XD The pedestrian is at fault lmao, shouldn't have jaywalked. Fuck! That was scary! She stopped because a car was coming but a cyclist hit her instead you have to watch out for the old ladies man I was hit with a bike going down a hill face first and it didn't even hurt and the bike was going like 20 miles Love to see a a smashed bike on the road. IROTFLMAO, Cojones juice!!!! You know that is semen, right? Cojones is another word for testicles. Dumb orientals get cancer, cyclists I love watching petal bikers get ran over by cars 😂 these faggots think they cars She stepped backwards because she wanted to get hit. Chinese love getting hit by cars and bikes so they can sue and makes some money. He was going fast but so were the rest. He shouted and told the lady to move, everyone moved except her. She actually moved backwards to get in the bikers was so she could play victim. 



Everyone who is commenting """"this biker is at fault"""" is an idiot 4:35 what brand bike did that guy have? ABS would have helped him idiot cyclist What a fucking autist. Why didn't they look around? Why did they stop? Good video. The guy was running on late yellow and red. He screwed the pedestrian She walked across the road too soon that mean IT was red light. It can only be her fault He was on yellow. He had more than enough time to slow down and break... Daym. I felt so bad for the lady, but at the same time, it was playing one of my favorite songs Cyclist fault.

Its up to you, the vehicle driver, no matter how small the vehicle to slow down and avoid a pedestrian accident. He didn't slow down on a yellow light which says a lot. He went way too close. He clearly was over exerting himself and to hopped up on adrenaline to think correctly.

Only thing i can say. He apologised  immediately and clearly cared for the safety of the victim afterwards. Something you dont see often especially in nyc. People there are too full of themselves and play blame game. Feels like a toy is when cyclists act like total tools and piss everyone off They didn't even slow down, when seconds earlier people were crossing. This was completely avoidable by the cyclist if he slowed down as he should have. Legally it might not be his fault in the US, but he IS responsible. I'm willing to argue that both of them are responsible, but the cyclist was the one that yould have avoided the collision, since the pedestrian was in clear view for him. He was going way too fast aproaching the crosswalk. If the lights are green, and the cyclist goes on, but there are pedestrians on the road, he just hits them, cuz the light was green. He's still at fault, he could have slowed down. That could have been worst tbh My first question is WHY THE FUCK IS SHE STANDING IN THE ROAD?  
And my second is WHY?!?!?!? He should of been slowing down soon as he seen movement on the crossing. Fuck what the light colour shows. All that he cared about was his maintained speed. Plus he didn't even turn to avoid. I bike I know before some punk gives it the big one. Sorry but pedestrians ALWAYS have the right away. ALWAYS. In court this would be his fault. Plus he had time to slow down. He is an idiot for putting that much faith into others getting out of the way for him! Insurance scam? She didn't have the right of way... We can keep that between us and 1.2 m people When the guy hit her if you look at the slow motion part it almost looks like the lady stepped back right when she saw him coming. She started walking backwards into his path. Maybe this was an attempt at insurance fraud hey can you tell me how do you put that info overlay in your video that shows speed,elevation etc?does your camera have this feature or your phone?thx! Very long .... Lol fucking chinese Guys runs over a kid in a crosswalk and says “I had the light, right?” Lets just state the facts. Cyclists on public roads are a bunch DICK HEADS in leotards. 2:30 the most funny part! Idc what y’all think. That old lady was walking too damn slow- walk faster and you wouldn’t have gotten hit! Better yet- look both ways- ridiculous! Pedestrian was a fucking idiot. Totally her fault for not paying attention. When the lady was hit she didn't look before walking and stopped in the middle of walking so it's both there fault. Its the fault of both the woman just needed to walk further even if the lights turn red. Instead of just standing still. The biker should have seen that the women didn’t see him. He could have yelled that she was in the way. Yeah the biker could move out the way but then he puts himself in danger cuz hes in the middle of the road. Think at your own safety first. I’m a cyclist too and had two crashes with cars (not my fault). A quick lesson for everybody:
1. Your own safety first.
2. Always look at the person if he/she is in a car or on a bike or on foot slow down untill you make eyecontact. It's the pedestrian's fault because she stepped back and the cyclist thought she would cross the road. Doesnt matter how sorry he is, he could have killed that aged woman and given the previous comments, would he have even cared much? It was only a woman, you can fuck with it and tell it what to do. i think that was a go light for the pedestrians and you guys go on a red light then he hit the girl... Why would she stop walking like are you crazy I hate these fuckers in the UK. They ride in the middle of the road, get in your way and cut through red lights. One of the silly cunts was even riding on a motorway junction last week. A grannie died in tokyo recently because some stupid biker was texting while riding. It was national news, everybody talking about it, police enforcing the rules and all that, months later no one remembers everything is forgotten and everybody is still texting while riding. Never thought i see someone die because of a bike crash, shit fucking happens. Bro she insurance scam you can see her walking and walk back to get hit The real question is why did she stop Why can some bicyclists not stop for people? Those people had tge right of way to walk. I enjoy riding my bike but I respect other peoples space. I think most bikers are very rude. One guy had a hissy fit because my runnimg group wasn't moving over fast enough. Sure, they could have moved over faster but that guy didn't have to have a mental breakdown. Just remember, bicyclists need to follow road rules too if they are going to be on the road. Top 10 photos taken right before disaster. Sense is no longer common Jesus. If I ASSUMED every driver on the road was going to follow every light, sign, and rule...I'd have been hit 50 times by now. It's called riding/driving defensively.
If you're coming up to any intersection...especially one that has MULTIPLE pedestrians in the way on the crosswalk....SLOW DOWN.
He had plenty of time, visually, to assess the situation and move AROUND the lady. Or at least slow DOWN because it was unclear what she was doing.
But it's clear from watching this whole video that cyclists main goal is to bitch and complain about how this busy congested world won't make room for their precious toy bikes...so I have a feeling this guy didnt slow down and possibly hit this woman on PURPOSE just because he was full of bitterness that was gonna be taken out on someone eventually.
This video makes me hate anyone on a bike now. I'm driving my car in ALL YOUR LANES BITCHES. She stoooopid why did she back up it is like she wanted to get hit what a dummy He probably should've slowed down😂 im not 100% sure but looking at the crosswalk light for the pedestrians it did look red, so im guessing this was a fault for both sides, not stopping or even slowing down on the yellow, and jaywalking. The light was yellow, so... “People walking through the road and the fuckwit didn’t slow down like a dumbass and hits him”
Why is everyone in the comments blaming the kid get Issacbutterfield in here Ew drivers , don’t worry I am always considerate to cyclists , honestly I like to stay away from y’all because y’all make me nervous!! One wrong move and you could topple over under my car 😭 it would be awful . It’s not much room on the roads , super tight This old bitch deserve it. Like how she stopped and panicked and backed in front of him no survival skills typical victim and I'm sure she blamed him Why going back and why too fast you guys r fucking dumb I don’t know if anybody could tell but when that lady was hit, u could see the sign have a red hand instead of a person walking. It only turned to the person when she got hit. Therefore she shouldn’t have been croasing Fucking cyclists 6:13 this dude riding a booster board? I feel like she did it on purpose she stoped and stepped backwards Top ten anime deaths Easy people watch out for bikes damn it's not that hard 🤷🏻‍♀️ When i heard the song, it reminded me of one thing




Mineeee diamoooons's What a dumbass kid, finally getting to see GOOD cyclist that actually follow road rules and this kid decides to stop in the MIDDLE of the road Where TF r u man! It's so insane and hectic over there holy shiat Bunch of stupid cunt in your fuckin leotards get a fuckin car you dick heads cause miver all over the roads Bad situation all round really. Cyclist could have taken more care but was probably thrown off by her sudden stopping on the crossing. If you don't know what someone is going to do next then it's hard to avoid and she was j walking but it appears she was just following other pedestrians risking it. Just bad luck imo These guys were actually pretty cool. I liked how the guy that hit the old lady was actually remorseful. Most of the time it doesn’t go that way. I like to bike and I hate those guys Why does she just stand there like bitch MOOVE Cyclist should've slowed down, he saw the tight situation with the pedestrians. Pedestrian shouldn't of stopped IN THE MIDDLE OF A ROAD. Why did she stop and step backwards WTF That kid is a dead faggot. She almost turned into Michael Jackson and did the moon walk 0:04 That cyclist wouldn't have been hitting old ladies if John gotti was still around. You see snitches got John gotti put away and the place descended into chaos with dudes in pink slamming into old ladies on cross walks. Wtf is this world coming to. LMFAOooo Totally the stupid’s person fault
She stopped and that’s why she got hit Looks like you both ran the red light to me.  So what you were in the near-side crosswalk when it turned red?  That is called running a red light, then your buddy ran over the pedestrian.  That is his fault. What are you riding in a crosswalk for?  That is illegal, as you are riding a bicycle.  It would be different if you were walking your bike across the crosswalk as then you would be a pedestrian legally. jwalkers fault THE CROSS WALK WAS RED I love the classic rock in the backround The cyclist is irresponsible and negligent. He should have stopped pedalling and carefully use the brakes to slow down as soon as seeing (irresponsible) pedestrians on the street ahead of him. 

He could have avoided a lot of harm, trauma and pain, especially as a significantly younger person who has usually quicker reflexes and better eyesight in comparison to an older person like the elderly woman.

I'm a daily cyclist myself (now even with a growing baby hidden """"on board"""" ;-) and as a good cyclist you always have to think and watch ahead regarding irresponsible car drivers and pedestrians. Don't let yourself get harmed by the first and don't harm the latter.

I hope he and others learn a valuable lesson here and they stop speeding in future when seeing confused, unattentive and or careless people wandering in front of them on the streets.

Greetings from Germany, where almost everybody young and old likes to cycle :-). Well the old lady should mayb stay behind the car and MAYB u should consider try to avoid her She was like a squirrel, stopping in the middle of the road not knowing what to do. 2:16 your welcome I depise most cyclists. The ones who complain the most about people disrespecting them all the while running red lights and cutting off cars, but........
The pedestrian is totally in the WRONG here. Who the hell starts crossing, then stops and stands there in the street?! I feel bad for the cyclist in this case because he would have to either hit the cyclist next to him or the back of the parked car to avoid her. Pretty much 7/8 of the comments are on the cyclist being bad, and hate on all cyclists when in the video it shows that it wasn’t his fault in my opinion, the cyclist was in the wrong. the woman stepped back to approximately where she thought he could go past. this was the woman being nice seeing as the cyclist was being an idiot and didn’t stop. it’s a zebra crossing, let the pedestrian past. You do know that pederastians has the preference don't you? They go first next bicycles next bikes next buses next cars Bicycles don't have to stop at red light? Cojones juice huh most cyclists have low T. I hope the 👮‍♀️ Gave 🚴‍♀️ a DUI test and arrested him for assault with a vehicle Cyclists are a nuisance riding double on main rds so they can have a chat Fack off Pedestrian did not look. Her fault I like how you gave your phone number to the cyclist but not the woman. shithead The pedestrian totally stopped and waited to eat hit! Ridiculous She is not Nowitzki... bad step back She’s the one who stood there lmfao dumbass It didn't seem like she was walking, rather stepped forward to look for something? And proceeded to step back, then noticed the cyclist right upon collision. The cyclist  tried to stop as well from what I can see. Just an accident and hopefully  both parties involved are fine. 0:17 take on me is on How did pinky not see her. She was in a crosswalk. Geez!! Some cyclists think they own the road. I have come close to being hit by a bike, on a few occasions, because the cyclists have their heads down. And why did you stop and stare for 5 minutes in the middle of the bicycle lane? 
And then you went back and chatted with the guy again standing inthe middle of the bicycle lane... They have what they deserve for not looking both sides before crossing :) It was the lady who got hit fault. She should have looked both ways for incoming traffic, even if it was a green for them. It's simple common. Sense Person sees cyclists- stands there I had a cyclist hit my rear bumper when I was stopped. Guess who got a ticket and was sued? Me. Just gonna throw my two cents in here, personally i think they are both at fault because the light for the biker was yellow turning red and he should've stopped, but that also means the light for the pedestrians hadn't changed, and the pedestrian he hit shouldn't have been walking across yet. The pedestrian stopped, but that's kind of a gut reaction (albeit a bad gut reaction), and the guy tried to slow down, he was just going too fast to slow down. Therefor, both at fault. Well that was boring as fuck 😡 Usually for Cars when people walk through the pedestrian crossing they stop and give way. i woukd like to know if anyone has common sesne anymore :/ The day a fucking cyclist crashes into me will be the day that cyclist gets knocked the fuck out. 
These cyclists think they own the road. They need the shit kicked out of them. @2:16 you guys ran the red. if you still insist you did not, Talk to the NYPD and they will explain why. Please stop uploading this type of stupid shit and think we cyclist above the law. Respect the law and DONT stretch it. Please

And don't give me  this guy is great for me, i'm moving to Toronto soon, and the only vehicle i have is my bike. To see a first-person veiw of the city really helps.
~ps, i know its not toronto. """"Cojones juice""""? Dios, en qué clase de video me he metido The cyclest tuck a yellow and the pedestrian was crosing on red.....its not he cyclest mistake Lmao she literally stopped right in front of him I usually wait for the walk sign to cross the road Sad to be the pedestrian, especially when right in front of you the cyclists are focusing on themselves. """"We had the light, right?"""" He wasn't even sure! Driving a car you wouldn't continue through an intersection full of clearly visible people even if you DID have the right of way, and in this case there was plenty of time to slow at the yellow. Completely avoidable. That looked like an insurance scam! She totally intentionally stopped and you can see her turn her head,  look at the oncoming bike,  and then she leaned into it! Cojones juice? (Cojones means nuts so you know where I am going with this) The woman was looking the wrong way tho xD Cojones First,the lady was trying to walk through a red light and second she stopped right before the bike hit her it she kept walking she would have been unharmed. So it’s the lady fault. Okay this lady legit is just standing in the road..soo???? Cops playing Take Me Out by Franz Ferdinand lol 2 questions
Why did she stop in the middle of the road?
Why did she not look both ways? Wow omg 😮 Cyclists are wankers here in London they think they own the road. They should pay road tax just like cars and motorbikes then they wouldn't feel so God like Cyclists are so gay. 2:16 why did she suddenly stop?! The biker clearly sees people in the crosswalk, but he doesn't even slow down.
Look if a pedestrian is in the road, they have the right of way. It doesn't matter if the walk signal is there or not, you have to stop or you're at fault. I see people trying to justify the cyclist, but honestly, if a car hits a pedestrian, the driver is always at fault. Cyclists want to be treated like cars, but without any responsibilities. 
Like this guy didn't slow down (even at a yellow light he seems to be trying to 'beat the light' so to speak) he doesn't try to move around the lady, just goes straight, full speed into her. Like if he was in a car, she'd be dead and he's be going to jail.
Lady should pressed charges, cyclist is 100% at fault. I am a cyclist, and I hate to admit it is actually cyclist fault. 

Yes, you guys went through yellow but the law actually suggest yellow means you have to prepare to stop or avoid situation like that.

Not to mention, when your buddy hit her, even tho if she just move forward could have totally avoid this whole thing but she was actually green(before your bud hit her, your light turned red already, which gave away the evidence that you guys actually broke the law). If this evidence got taken to court, which would actually favor the pedestrian instead of cyclist.

Please don’t run over yellow without good exit plan to hurt other cyclists reputation. Please remember society see cyclists as a whole group and psychopaths are looking for reason to get more people to hate us.

I would seriously suggest you guys be wise to take down the video. 2:16 light is red...Pedestrian gets to cross. Bike is in the intersection. Light was definitely green for the pedestrian. I ride a bike.... Its so weird seeing brooklyn when you live in nyc idk why Regardless of the traffic signals, the cyclist still mowed down a pedestrian on a pedestrian crossing???  Sheeeesh! Thank Christ that idiot was only riding a bike, pity help that pedestrian if he'd been behind the wheel of a car. I get that the pedestrian fucked up but how bad of a cyclist do you have to be. Just turn the bike. This has happens too many times when the pedestrian is right in front of me. And this is why cyclist shouldn't be on road and in a park blind fucks should deserve to die Great had the shit on camera but fucked of instead of leaving footage behind I am not a cyclist and I had no idea it was this bad thank you for this video!! Cyclist should always have go pro rolling all all times Cyclists are such fucking cunts. Get OFF the road. Get a fucking car or ride slowly on the sidewalk. The road is not meant for ur pussy save the environment mentality. Is the biker blind? At 2.13 the cyclist is about 20 meters from the corner, and AS I Can see are boat traffic light Yellow. And that is why you dont stop in the middle of the road The pedestrian just stopped like why did she just stop hopefully she not a Chinese insurance scam Couldn't tell if the person hit was a 12 yearold girl, 80 yearold man, or 50 yearold asian girl There are so many issues here I can't respond to them all.  It comes down to, """"Other people act poorly so it is OK for me to act dangerously."""" She even stopped right in front of him I love your videos and taste in music You guys are horrible people OFF aNOHTER ASSHOLE ON A BIKE. Pedestrian fault. She should have looked. Bikers can't just swerve magically or brake! Did u give him the vid? YOU DROVE ON RED YOU BLIND FUCKS Im shocked people in the comments are even suggesting its the cyclists fault. She stepped out as if to walk forward thrn steps back, like a fucking twat, for no reason, right in front of where he is cycling, without looking to her left or right, and he has no time to move so yea of course shed gonna get hit. Stupid fucking woman in deed the lady at the beginning did notice him a freaked so it caused her to hesitate I hope one day both cyclists pedestrians and motorists can be cautious Way to run through the yellow,  yes the light was yellow before you entered the intersection and turned red half way through. Who heard """"Take on Me"""" at 0:16 That dumb lady shouldn't have just stood there. It's her fault. The pedestrian light was RED!! The cyclists light was YELLOW. he could still go. It's all the lady's fault. LMAO crash bandicoot “whoa woah woah woah"""" i'll delete it It seems like the cyclists jay walked. Cyclist was in the right you had plenty of time to brake. if the red comes on while you are in the intersection, you have run the red light. you didn't even get across the stop line before it was red, the other guy was just past the pedestrian lines, on the first section of the lights. when the lights go yellow and you have time to stop, you stop. otherwise, just like in that particular case, you've run a red, and have actually hit a pedestrian on a pedestrian walkway. you're moving alot faster, and therefore you also need to be aware pedestrians don't always get it right. it also does not matter what town, city country, or planet you think you're on.... running a red light is illegal, and therefore you just broke 2 laws. check the video properly, you'll see what i'm talking about. And you cyclists wonder why you’re hated so much. Is this in suit yet? It'd be super fun to monitor and to see the cyclist suing a pedestrian...because we damn well know they all love that 💸💸💰 Phenomenon. Phenomenon. Guy should be paying more attention could have avoided her I’ve watched this plenty of times and watch the person step back directly in the cyclist’s way. If the pedestrian would have stepped forward instead, it could have been avoided. He was going too fast as well which also put some fault on him, both were in the wrong. Of course it’s awful the person got hit by the bike, but it could have been avoided multiple ways. The title is like

nice girl at bar, 500€, pregnant Why didn’t you cycle down to them it would have made the video ten times better 🙄🙄 I love how the police officer said thanks OOOF Dude she stoped looked and backed up I felt bad for the cyclist, but then I saw him lean his bike on sombody car... Tisk tisk. 0:16

I will avenge you bus ;^; Leans his bike against someomes car. But it was an oriental who got hit. Equal rights time.  Deport her for being destructive. To be fair it wouldn't have happened if the last hasn't have stepped back Red light or no, the biker could see the woman in front of him.  He didn’t even slow down. I guess u shouldn’t jaywalk It’s the pedestrian fault, u can’t stop in time or do anything really. These people really have to watch where they are going!!!!!!!!!!! Ped crosses on a red light for pedestrians, and then she second guesses herself on top of that. Ped should be at full fault. She totally did that on purpose. This was mainly the cycalista fault for literally not being able to see shit. I've got vision problems yet I could see that from a mile away. In the UK and Amber or yellow light still means stop. Only green means go......although most people break those rules to some degree lol That's why you don't run red lights dumb ass, bikers are so stupid. I like this video because it shows that there are idiots on both sides.
Taking into account every single human in-frame... most people do exactly what they're supposed to - cars, bikes, pedestrians... I'm not entirely sure about the skateboarder... but he definitely didn't hurt anyone or damage anything.
But people driving in bike lanes, bicycles going wherever they want, police parking in dangerous areas and pedestrians meandering across the road? They do not make up the majority of people in the video and they are problematic.
Mistakes happen and circumstances may force people to do something wrong... but like the cameraman said, """"We're all just trying to get to work.""""

Now that I'm done being reasonable...

I'm not a gambler but I'd put $20 on the idea that that little Asian lady was a scamming tourist. Even if she's not though... I have only this advice to offer - Do not tarry on the black rivers. As humans we should have the higher brain functions necessary to distinguish us from the squirrel and the deer. Ships of plastic and steel weigh up to and over two tons. Their velocity requires time to halt that load, and in a contest of impact ... they will win. So be aware, be swift and be safe.

Edit-  I take back what I said about the little lady. She was genuinely surprised. But I stand by everything else. He absolutely could’ve stopped the bike...100% did that just to be a dick. There's something called a brake on ur bike These pedestrians were nto exactly invisible. Sure they were going on red light but the cyclists were bit late in that intersection as well. Easily preventable by each party by paying bit more attention to the situation and maybe slowing down a little and not rushing to the other side. I’m super late and shouldn’t even be saying anything cause I know people are gonna throw shit at me but I feel bad for the cyclists and the lady too. It was the cyclist’s first day and maybe he just wasn’t paying attention to the lights? Yes that’s a hazard but he has to be focused on the road too, maybe he just can’t multitask? Anyway I’ll shut up here so nobody comes cursing at me or shit like that That guy talking about a woman made me gag... honestly what? He said it was a joke but it was just gross. Lol Ah the classic insurance asian. Total scam First day on a bike, and he decided to ride on the hectic street. He is in the wrong for his inexperience. It’s her fault for getting in the way It was both their fault. This incident is first caused by the guy running across from the left and the woman with the shopping bag who were both crossing when their light was obviously red. They confused the lady that got hit who was not paying attention and began crossing until it was too late that she realized her crossing light was still red so she stopped. Many people don't realize that for about 2 to 3 seconds the red light signal shows in BOTH directions to supposedly ensure that traffic is stopped  both ways. The biker also, when he realized he was not going to be able to stop should have been calling out  """"Yellow light!"""" to the bikers behind him and a """"Heads up!"""" to the pedestrians up ahead. This is a case where everything that could go wrong, did. Im a 14 year old girl from holland, alot of people walk on the bicycle line and won't mive out of the way, so yesterday is decied to just run over a 25 year old man with my bike, i broke my bike but it was fucking worth it To all the idiots in the comment section. The light was red for the pedestrians and it was yellow for the cars. The cyclist made it clear that he was there and coming. He also moved to the right to avoid the woman, but she stepped BACKWARDS. Play 2:13 at .25x speed and keep an eye out the light and the cyclist's position. It's pretty clear who's at fault. idiot pedestrian Your friend sucks at maneuvering around people. Is it really that hard? You either fucking walk across ot stay at your side don't stop in front of a cyclist,dumbass. I hope the woman had some serious injuries. Lol Neither party tried to move out of the way There's a guy on a skateboard--? That black girl made that Asian grandma confused. Black persons fault, simple as that. So why are the crossing when it's not their turn? Do they think they're made of adamantium? Nope, the light changed to red as you entered the intersection, so yes, you did run a red light. The pedestrian was hovering in the crosswalk, waiting for the light to change, and as soon as the opposing lane wenr red, but before she had a green signal, she took off---just as I've seen countless cyclists do to get a jump on the automobile traffic, and making themselves vulnerable to motorists trying to beat the red, JUST LIKE YOU GUYS DID.
 I can't help wondering if it was a guy in a new Mustang recording himself zipping around town, high on """"cojones juice,"""" running a light anf grazing (but not hurting) a cyclist who wandered a few feet into the intersection anticipating a green, if you guys would be so nonchalant about the outcome. Or would this instead be one of those outraged bicyclist videos? If you look at the crossing light it didnt turn to the walking guy yet she crossed early it was her fault. Here's a story for you to enjoy, go grab some popcorn and a drink...

So basically my brother had a neighbour friend - him, his other brother and his sister would come play with us sometimes with our bike. The girl was about 2-3 years older. We swapped items I was using her skipping rope while she was using our bike. I stood right beside the curb, somewhere where it was impossible for her to even hit me. Guess what, she hit me at full speed, my elbows were grazed like hell, my knees and knuckles. Also this other time she done the same a little less painful, this time I didn't actually jump or get knocked out or roll around for like 4 seconds. I just hell, my weight stopped her from hitting me this time but my calf was bruised and was covered with uncomfortable bike wheel marks. Her brother was mad, apologising to me, he took the bike away from her and gave it straight to my brother, he apologised to me and my brother again. The third time she didnt hit me, she hit my brother who was on the grass and his whole arm was completely grazed. She moved, no idea  where she is anymore, but I felt like she done it on purpose.. This just made me wanna play some gta I love running over people with my cars and bikes It astounds me how many people in comment section don't really know traffic rules...
Also, she stepped back literally a second before collision, so there's no way he could have stopped. Cringe Cyclist at fault! Period!!! Slow it down! There’s pedestrians passing, she’s not the only one. The light have already turn yellow from a far distance warning them to slow down and stop. Yet they decided to keep going. By the moment they hit the girl the light was red for them and turning green for the old lady which mean she was clearly going to cross the road as soon as the light turn green, but she got hit because these dumb cyclist decided not to slow down on a yellow light. 

I hate cyclist they always feel entitled. They think the whole roads belong to them. They think they are more important than pedestrians, and way more important than cars and motorcycles. 

Plus he got time to move over from a far distance, but decided to go straight ahead and ram an old lady to make his statement. pink guy probably thought the woman would keep walking 0:03 0:04 People are always crossing  the street without looking, expecting everyone to stop.. I hate that. could the guy brake? It would still hit but not as bad. Couple of fucking douchebags you are Red light for pedestrians was They mow down pedestrians like so much dirt, in the crosswalk too. Biker made an assumption: Pedestrian will keep walking at the same pace--By the time I get there, she will be out of my way. Bad assumption.Biker should have been slowing down as he approached pedestrians because people are UNPREDICTABLE. Why is it, cyclists always seem to have video evidence when it's not there fault? I imagine it would take him an extra hour to get to work if he slowed for every person close to him, but I'd give old Asian people a wide birth :) Right or wrong....you just never know what they are going to do...walking or driving. I want a bike with train horn & iam goona have one. 1 carbon tank will blow it a few times. Bikes /riders fault on that first one. Fuck bikers the pedestrian it's preferences Fuck bikers Fuckin' Cyclists! The freeloading road vermin should have stopped! NO EXCUSES!! Fucking hate cyclists. Obnoxiously entitled, spandex ball hugger shorts wearing yuppie turdball roadhogs. 6:13 Damn that motorised skateboard's fast! Cyclist vblogs are fucking gay. I personally would take off after . The old woman should be in retirement home Stupid bitch get out the way At least he apologies for it most of them don't Both their fault, she should have been looking considering the light was changing, but the cyclist is blind? He was on the far right and moving through a yellow. Could have kept his eyes open and moved left a little If you look closly, he first hit the brakes a second before hiting, that makes it his fault still, not trying to stear away from the woman is bad aswell. the brakes on a bike need to be efective and fast. he was not even going that fast so a little tap on the brake would have stopped this accident. 0:53 cojones juice 😂😂😂 2:26 Red light bruv Douchebag on a power board. As much as I dislike cyclists, you guys gotta put up with a lot of bull shit 0:16 yes!!!! Hope he went to jail, certainly would have if he did the same thing in a car. Proper Gay. It was the old ladys fault; right as he hit her the pedestrian light turned green to walk. Probably why she stopped walking and just stood in the middle of the road waiting for it to turn green so she could walk. Asshole cyclist..... I'd feel like a KOOK riding around with a camera on my helmet playing lame music. So cyclist do not have to stop when pedestrians are on the crossing? jesus, where do you live so much chaos and hate The biker should Just have stopped cuz there was someone else going to And this is why Jaywalking is illegal. It’s Called a brake you dumb fuck, hit that poor lady I hope everyone else knows that you can't move on yellow. And in our law it's same punishment as for red one. She stepped back for insurance You guys see spider man swinging above the buildings? Broooo she got PROPER R E K T 100% bicyclists fault. Ran a red and hit a pedestrian in the crosswalk...wanker. Karma I hope the bike didn’t get dented It was a old ladie like just slow down “We’ll keep that between us.” 
posts the video on youtube 
gets a million views Clearly her fault Why did she only look right, when something could hit her from left, fuck logic yeah I feel like the women purposely stood and didn't get out of the way None of you but people with brains knew that the girl walked on a red light then stopped 1/4 from the center, and then the biker tried to dodge the girl but then she stepped back. Thats clearly just an accident, boths fault ( Case closed ) What an idiot, he could easily move away from her ik going to hell for this but....
I died laughing Hurr durr, cyclist should have stopped because red light/yellow light. Yellow light doesn't mean you fucking stop, it means proceed with caution. Now for some reason the lady decided to walk despite being red on her side, and seeing bicyclists coming. Instead of continuing to walk, which the guy expected her to do, she decides to stop midway. The lady is 100% at fault just cos ur old doesn't mean that ur exempt from the law, she clearly went on a red, im not saying we should hate on her, but hating the cyclist is wrong as it was not his fault It's quicker for a pedestrian to look both ways then it is for a bicyclist to slow down How does that saying go look both ways before crossing the street??? Why she started to walk and then just stopped is beyond me Why de hek did she just walk out on the sreet and stod still What a nice fellow you are, aren't you? :) Just another cyclist at fault! Light was (yellow) changing before he crossed the line, so they should be preparing to stop!!! No not these cyclists(what pricks), he's special 
 it was red before he got halfway across the junction so should have stopped at the previous line. Not saying the pedestrian was okay to cross as it was red for her also. But pink Cyclist was at fault here and classed as a vehicle when on the road so should have been charged. dammit cyclist go ride on some bike trails , bikes shouldn't be on the roads !! cyclist has no control  , he could've just veered left and avoid that lady !! She's deead hahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahhahahah 2:15 thank me later You guys ride like complete shitheads through crosswalks.  Do you really think you have a right to blast through crosswalks with pedestrian traffic and expect them to stop on a dime or not react to 3 cyclists coming at them at different distances? Who the fuck stands still on a zebra crossing? Honestly some people. 6100 like Had the guy not hit her by driving right at her instead of noting her lack of attention and signalling to get further left she would have been hit by the cameraman if she had NOT stopped walking. I have a friend. He believes in right of way. He was hit by a car, luckily the CAR was watching out and had noticed him just walk right out into the parking lot from the retail storez entrance and he just ended up bruised and scraped. Me and our 2 other friends stared right at him as we told the responding officer """"Yeah, he basically just walked right out and we didn't cause we looked left and saw a car yo close to stop in time."""" he was pissed for a month probably, refused to hang out etc. Look both ways, and never assume anything about anybody knowing anything. As it is, this could be interpreted either way for that crosswalk but mistakes on both sides were made. Damn that old lady can take a hit like rocky takes on drago I need to get a bike again Light was red... morons High speed
Can't brake 
Biker fault not the bikers fault the lady  was walking across and  just stopped   and was not  looking  back to the left  until  he was right on her  she just stopped  she had no  traffic coming at her  from the right  if she had  walked  two more feet  she would have been in the clear  but she chose to  stop  in his path as you see in the beginning the pedestrian actually wanted to walk to the other side but when she saw the cyclist, she stopped. she just wanted to get hit, smh For once it wasn't the cyclists fault.
Never thought I'd see the day. Fucking moron cyclists, u all had more than enough time to stop for that light, I could have stoped for that light in my patrol car. Would have ticketed u all and taken the other idiot to jail. I feel a Incerance scam tingling when she step back into the other guy Cyclists are so obnoxious, you see how OP turns around to help his fellow douchebag-in-arms and they just start casually talking about “first day on the bike” Neither of them give a shit about the little old lady that this pink spandex faggot just mowed down She was looking right the whole time if you slow it down and look closely, and the bicyclists should have slowed down or stopped. She was in the wrong he was just not a good rider Yellow light that immediately turns red. Good Job! Shared fault... the pedestrian was jaywalking and the cyclist failed to stop as the light was yellow before he entered the intersection (and had actually turned red before he hit the pedestrian) So did you help they guy whochad the lady walk backwords into him? Uncool, riding like this is what gives cyclist a bad rap. You need to show respect to to be treated with respect by drivers, police and pedestrians. Stupid cow!! DONT STOP AND BY THEN GO BACKWARDS dumb bitch The lady was like oh shit a fly I should step back fucking hell a cyclist fly’s still flying around me I should try and act like a statue so I don’t swallow it #fuckcyclists 2:13 the light goes yello. This is a sign that you should stop, the light will be going red. Cyclist just charges ahead, ignoring it.
2:16 What does that big RED LIGHT above the road mean? You know, the yellow thing with 3 lights in it, the top RED one is lit up?
cyclist still just motors on. Ahead is his target, a Stationary child on the crosswalk.
2:18 I'm pretty sure it does not mean you must now try to kill a pedestrian ON THE PEDESTRIAN CROSSING!
.
Cyclist should get jail time for this. Not much, 30 days or so. Cyclist wtf use the rules Thats what you get for walking through a RED LIGHT Dumbass wasn’t supposed to be walking in the crosswalk yet Playing shit music out loud while cycling.  Fail she is doing insurance fraud!! Stupid boy When you showed us frame by frame it looks like she wanted to get raped Thing is the whole concept of riding a bike in major cities, is to get to work or what ever it is, and most cyclists are decent enough, However for the ones who are not I have no time for, i've lost count the amount of accidents i've seen and laws they break by gambling with their lives and putting others at risk. Stupid Asian walked into the bike Hmm yes, let’s just ride into a large group of pedestrians! What could possibly go wrong? Bad judgement on both their parts. That's how accidents usually happen.  Both parties make a bad decision. I would lean toward putting more blame on the cyclist though.  The light was yellow well before he got to the intersection and he made no attempt to slow down to stop.The light was red as he entered the intersection.  Compare in terms of the cyclist being a car instead of a cyclist.  What conclusion do you come up with then? Stupid chinese woman deserved it. People are really stupid these days. Just look for goodness sake. Cyclers.need to know how.to stop a bit better and not to.as.fast in traffic areas.  Pick the open road to do that.  Common sense 2:32 SHE WANTED TO GET HIT!! 
Insurance FRAUD If you wanna ride a bike just do it in the Netherlands Why won't some cyclists slow down and stop at pedestrian crossings ?  Why do they think they above the law ?  When I was living with my parents in South London, a cyclist knocked down an elderly lady that was renting three rooms in our house: she later died in hospital. The cyclist is retarded, and sexist I say we need another Sodom and Gomorrah. City folk just obviously don't care about other people very much. No matter which way you cut it. Cyclist potentially at fault for crossing on yellow (In England you can cross on a yellow not sure about america). The lady crossed when the sign was red or counting down. I don't think he was at fault 'technically' but as people were crossing he should have made a better effort to slow down rather than try go through the gap in pedestrians. Welp not the cyclists fault They drove through the red light, She stepped backwards tf lmao when he hit her the crosswalk turn green lololol If ur gonna aim for pedestrians then stay off the road. Good idea Asian scam!!  Never stop when Asians cause or create a situation is always a scam. When on bike and taking out pedestrians there is no need to stay in the scene of people been entitle to their own stupidity!!! Pedestrian's fault. Clearly walking during a DO NOT WALK sign was indicated. Couldn't hear the bikes coming. Pedestrian and cyclist both in the wrong, pay more attention to what you’re doing. Pedestrian keeps going back and forth, cyclist keeps pedaling coming to busy crosswalk. Funny, so many people going on about, why didnt he dodge her, why didnt he brake/slow down.
Well partly cause you see the woman starting to cross the street, he wasnt going to hit her if she kept walking, but she stopped, took a step backwards. You cant predict movement like that. Cyclists on busy roads should be smushed. They're a nuisance They shouldn’t of been crossing. Its her fault 0:21 TAKE ON MEEEEE TAKE ON ME Ppl should learn NOT  to stop in the middle of the road duh I think the cyclist was pushing their luck trying to get through when the light was orange. However, in the slow Mo it looks as though the pedestrian braces for impact and actually leans into the cyclist moments before impact to minimise injury. The pedestrian could have moved out of the way, I get a sense they were planning what to buy with the proceeds of their lawsuit! I work on a university campus and the other day a cyclist going way too fast through a place with lots of pedestrians hit someone and put him in a persistent vegetative state. Slow down. Remember folks. Pink is a manly color, but especially when you're on a bicycle and attacking old ladies. 
;) If you’re gonna rush the yellows put a bell on your bike and ring that fucker. Guys like that give the rest of us a bad rep. transplants So the logic behind this is if you have the right of way you can plow through them as well. You’re as pathetic as your edited list of excuses. Shame the pedestrian your pal plowed into wasn’t a full size gym rat so  the prick could have suffered some actual consequences for his douchebaggery. When the light turned red they had already passed half this intersection, yet the pedestrian light was RED the whole time, shut up you bunch of idiots. Funnyest shit ever It sucks because she is an elder but it was her fault. She was crossing with the Dont Cross still on and he did not stop on time because she was crossing and he would have pass behind her without any problems. Then she started backing up at the last minute. Why’d she just stop and step back without looking?! Idiot No way I em going to buy a bike anymore. Thought about it but no sir. Why is their horn so quite? Even if they rang the bell they would think it’s more friendly then aware, unlike cars.. What if there was a bike only road-bridge thing where bikers can get the other easier and safer way to go somewhere? Like freeways? That would be exciting, even with all the lanes and everything, not to mention little shops to help out and give directions. Showing PEDESTRIANS ON VEHICLES ONLY (Bikes, skates, roller skates, etc. Why.. did the lady stop.. when she just started walking..? I think the person filming did the wrong thing as he overtook cyclists on a busy road and near a pedestrian crossing so if the lady didn’t step back she would’ve been hit by the man so she had no choice why l watched this?  spend my time, lm late That shut-eyed deserved it TECHNICALLY: The cyclist entered the intersection with the light transitioning from green to yellow, and the pedestrian entered the intersection prematurely, while the crosswalk light was still 'don't walk'. The video evidence proves this was the pedestrian's fault. It sucks, but some times bad things happen to good people, and some times our own choices cause us problems. Why do cyclists think it is ok to go through a red or yellow signal? A bike and a car are both vehicles that use the road and both should abide by the same laws. Regardless you still gotta yield to pedestrians. You didn't run a red light once you got into the middle of the road it turned red and people are already walking across so it's kind of both of your faults for not slowing down when it was yellow but it's also their fault for not paying attention you're supposed to look both ways before crossing the road even if it says walk When the cyclist entered the intersection, the light was still yellow.  It turned red when he was already in the intersection.  The pedestrians were already crossing the street while their light was still red and the pedestrian backed into the oncoming bicycle. Next time, try to stop with yellow on traffic light :| He's fking blind or? Ran the red light. Dickhead cyclist, gets all of us considerate cyclists a bad name. Keep that between us, and now everyone knows about it LOL Umm people talking about the cyclists that he could have slowed down but it's the woman's fault for going too slow and stepping back the cyclists could have not known that the woman was gonna go back and not move fowards which caused the accident Cross when you can do so safely, but never be indecisive and dance in the middle of the path....

Honestly, I would travel with a window punch fixed to my gloves for oblivious cars. And some mace. Jesus Christ this comment section is cancer A) why didn’t you go closer to record it after it happened.  
B) why did you drive away. That's cyclist in the pink ran that red light completely their fault and that's coming from someone who rides every day. Lol the pedestrian walked into it Well he did run a yellow And by definition he was speeding.   The law says, """"if you are going to fast to avoid a collision, you are speeding"""" .   That cyclist didn't even attempt to slow, you can see the calves contracting to push harder.    I think he was trying to impress the guy with the camera and traveling too fast. Someone went through this frame by frame. As soon as the cyclist entered the intersection it turned red, meaning he should have stopped BUT at the same time, the crosswalk was red. I personally think this lady might’ve been an insurance scammer because she walked as soon as the “don’t walk” came on and then steps back right as he’s coming through. Both are idiots. 😂 """"First day on the new bike"""" . and he is already entering intersections on yellow lights.  The law says, when the light turns yellow, if you can stop you must,  He just pushed forward.  If you enter the intersection after it turns yellow, proceed with caution and you have right of way.  When there is someone in the crosswalk, they have right of way.  He had plenty of time but simply ignored the yellow, didn't stop and caused a collision.  Any good cyclist attorney would tell him he is at fault.  He was more concerned about his bike and video footage than the victims welfare.  Not impressed.  His kit is nice though.is it new also..?  :) Yellow light means you can still go through. The cyclists had an option to stop. Them not stopping is their choice. The pedestrians shouldn't have started crossing until the cyclists light was red and the pedestrians light was white. It's the stupid Asians fault in short Ow look admitting that you edit for you and not the truth haha dislike on every video At 2:13 Is that a man in pink cycling gear? That’s why people need to look before they cross. Yes I understand that the guy could have slowed down but if you look the lady backed up last second where he must have thought he’d be able to pass without hitting her LOL, """"cojones juice"""" are testosterone and semen. I know they should have stoped but she only looked out for cars and she was standing on a bycikle lane and she didnt even look at that side it could have been a car she is sooooo stupid to cuz cars woman they can ride tru red light to duuh😂😉😕 How do you not anticipate as a cyclist ?! What the hell was this guy thinking ? 1:30 he says he’ll delete it lmao Play 2:17 at .25x. I think people have made less wussy sounds driving their car off a cliff. But you still couldn't swrece your bike to avoid it and like you shoudve saw her or were you just not paying attention? 😑😑😑 You violated the cyclists code of conduct, you should first ask if his bike is ok. Adrenaline is not produced in your balls einstein Was 100% the pedestrians fault. You see her light was red. She stopped in the middle of the road aswell. Idiot pedestrian. she just stopped Bruh she couldn’t tell that the cross walk light was red and the stop light was yellow She backed up into him bad drivers :) “Cojones juice” 😭 cyclist need,s to go straight to spec saver,s how the fuck did he not see the pedestrian sorry don,t cut it . I love how the title is sort of clickbaity but in a really casual way Ahh summer is here! All the little annoying things are back! things like bees, mosquitoes, cyclists etc For all that people saying it’s the cyclist’s fault, you are wrong. You can see that the person went forward, then, when the cyclist was closed the person went back. Technically, it was the person’s fault, I’d rather check twice instead of checking once. Ecco ora chi paga un eventuale danno? 
Se quel ragazzo non ha nulla da perdere chi paga ??? Chi va' in bicicletta non deve avere solo diritti ma anche doveri!
Penso sia giusto no? Y’all know pedestrians have the right away right? If the cops were called? It’s entirely that idiot girls fault Entitled lazy cyclist dont want to stop for pedestrians. Pretty much sums it up. If you guys hadn't run the light ,that by the way turned red as you entered intersection that accident wouldn't of happened. I would have swerved just enough for my bike to miss her...but my elbow would have been cocked and loaded Which GoPro are yo using here? but you didn't edit :D. tbh, that was super sexiest, what he said 0o So the object is, to instigate and hit someone so you can get it on video and then complain about it.  I c! 
Well if 1/2 you cyclist would follow the rules, your dumbass wouldn’t get hit or hit someone. You feel that lights don’t apply to you. You think road sharing doesn’t apply when you’re in groups. Until you’re in a car, you don’t realize it until they’re slowing you down because you obviously can’t go as fast. But move over! Wait what? Insurance scammer!! Es medio tarada la señora leave the cops alone man.they parked their cars there may be to save someone or some was getting attacked.Respect them.may they are the one u need call when u need help. 1:38 Franz Ferdinand - Take Me Out. God why can’t people just admit when they’re at fault. Is it that fucking hard to be the bigger person? Jaywalking or not. That doesn't change the fact that 99.9 percent of all cyclist are arrogant pricks that don't follow traffic rules. But expect us to share the road.
Now proceed with the butthurt replies. ....... Why does he wear so much pink The adrenal gland are located on top of the kidneys, not the """"cojones"""". She stepped back Bitch at drivers but at the start you used a crossWALK to cross the intersection, hypocrite. For the people who is hateing THIS FUCKING HAPPENS EVERYONE DAY AND PEOPLE GET KILLED EVERYDAY SO STOP HATING ON THIS ONE VIDEO AND KNOW THAT PEOPLE ARE DIEING BUT DID SHE DIE NO SO FUCKING GET A LIFE Does getting hit by a bike hurt? I forget you have crossings that look like zebra crossings but aren't. I'd probably die lol. Light was yellow as he entered intersection. Moving vehicle is to """"proceed with caution"""". He never slowed down. He is at fault. It said don't walk and she was walking along with other people. That should teach her to watch the signs when walking. Stay out of the bike lane and don't jump back to forward You see people walking across the crosswalk non of you slowed down. a) yellow light means stop and you all had plenty of time to stop in time, b) a drunk 85 year old with cataracts could have reacted in time to avoid that pedestrian. 1st day on his bike? Maybe he should put those training wheels back on. Chinese people are the most idiot in the world https://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=11416041 Cyclist are some of tje worst """"drivers"""" on the road. Always blowing stop signs and lights. The light had turned red before he or the other cyclists even got halfway thru the intersection! Living in a city looks about as fun as slamming a door into my balls, what a waste of life living in an urban shithole I disliked this video. Im a women and extremely offended by the """"girls are like toys. You can f*** with them whenever you want"""" comment. That is vulgar and the prime example of how some men are pigs. Saying just kidding afterwards means nothing, because why would you be saying something like that if you didn't mean it. At least edit it out or mute what they're saying if your gonna to put it in the video. Completely inappropriate...girls/women out there, never think of yourself as a toy that can be """"f*****"""" with. Like this comment so you can show these people that its NOT okay. It's the pedestrians fault. She was on the crossing while she had a red light. Maybe he should have been slowing down when he saw people but she literally just stopped walking completely after she was already walking out. Pay attention to everything around you . If would've kept walking would not have gotten hit Cojones means ballas in Spanish I Feel that it was the woman's fault because she just stopped in the middle of the crossing if you saw in the slow mo What I see is that the cyclistz were trying to beat the red light. Up ahead, the people started crossing after the car in front of them, look at the black lady and person in pink. 
Now it seems like the person in pink changes their mind when they see the car from the other lane approaching, this is when the  cyclist is in the intersection way now and hasn't slowed down, probably because of right of way and that the person was crossing.

 Pedestrian stops and then probably realised too late that the cyclist didn't stop at the traffic lights. Because of that the pedestrian froze on the spot. Now the problem for the cyclist is that they are going at a speed and are too close to probably break in time. 
And they're probably assuming the pedestrian will jump back. And I'm guess the two of them are probably thinking """"If I move here, they might move into the same path as me and well collide,"""" so none of them moved or changed direction. Well it's not like the cyclist had much option, to change direction and risk hitting the person in pink or the other pedestrian that was standing on the road as well, or going near the cyclist recording it all. I watched 4 minutes before I realised I'm wasting my life on pointless utube videos again They should remove yellow light because THESE STUPID DRIVERS CYCLIST AND ALL OF THEM RUSH IN YELLOW THERE SHOULD BE ONLY RED AND GREEN “We’ll keep that between us,” and all of YouTube. It’s time all cyclists are made pay insurance and also be subject to the full weight of the law. What equipment do you use for the speed, elevation, ​and grade? thanks! 0:00 How is that the cyclists fault? The kid was walking across and then went backwards! maybe dont WALK 1/3 ACROSS THE ROAD AND THEN JUST STAND THERE?! Damn. He didn't even ask the ped if she was ok?  He only went back to exchange numbers with the other cyclist. Humanity is fucked!!! Des cyclists are a nuisance on da roads ... comes from nowhere ....!!! What camera do you use? She just stopped like a deer in headlights. That """"pink"""" cyclist is an asshole! He didn't respect the lights, and he did hit a pedestrian on the """"white lines"""". Video or not, he's the wrong! This is really simple. Both people are wrong. Light was yellow and there was not time for even the first biker let alone all (3-4?) cross even though they all did anyway. The signal for the crosswalk was clearly """"DONT WALK"""". The lesson here folks is don't be in the street when your not supposed to be. I give the poster some credit for taking a portion of the responsibility in the description box. YEP,  you can see the red hand on the traffic signal when the women is in the crossing lane. Cyclist in the clear and woman almost dead man walking. Easy: The cyclists didn’t slow down when the light turned yellow (2:13) and they had PLENTY of time to do so and the pedestrians started crossing with a red light. Both are equally guilty. how faking stupid are you i don't feel sorry for her Cyclists need a swift punch to the face Does that guy even has breaka? 2:31 red means red Ahh, you gotta love New York City But did anyone see that lady going backwards?? She want on the crosswalk, stopped and if she went ahead they wouldnt crash but she went backwards and stopped at the exact place he came. Not the cyclist fault! You need to look both sides before you cross a street Light was definitely red dude That kid could have easily moved out of the way but no he just stands there and get hit by a bike going 16 Mph She walked into street oblivious to oncoming traffic, thought twice after light turned red step backwards into cyclist who by all rights expected her to commit , she lucky he applied brakes hard otherwise 😵 I WONDER WHY THAT HAPPENED How can you have such a poor situation awareness? You could see her from a mile away yet you didn't even slow down. Fuck this white trash Clearly the guy taking the video was a few seconds behind and thus also ran the red! Chinese woman should know better since they have over a billion cyclists in china. Why the fuck did she decide to stand in the crosswalk . Shame on her That were both at fault. He was trying to make it across on a yellow than turned red as he got there. The pedestrians were walking across on a red light. Sigh. Morons. Why stop in the middle of the zebra crossing At the end of the day the cyclist hit a pedestrian on a crossing, he is wrong. Fuck cyclists. Nooooooo not the bike! It hurts so bad to see I nice bike get fkd Get charged son 
See this is why I have emergency good brakes Gay walking asians... Reason number 5485 why cyclists are assholes Pedestrian and bicyclist were color coordinated. What are the chances. Notice this is one of four people who were in the crosswalk, two of whom were completely crossing the street against an indication of """"Don't Walk"""". """"Don't Walk"""" means don't walk. Any flashing numbers do not mean what the majority of people seem to think they mean. If any numbers are flashing it means do not enter the intersection. This is so irrespective of what city you are from in the country. """"I'm just a tourist here"""" means you are ignorant of the rules of the road, inconsiderate of others, and create traffic delays and hazards at home as well. The action of the bicyclist is a separate issue. Um glad u exchanged numbers coz ppl get introuble for other ppls stupidity Cyclist are entitled asshole here in America.....but these guy suck as road shares Idk about NYC, but In Canada this would be the cyclist’s fault. You are required to stop at an amber light if it is safe to do so. He had ample time to stop, but went through anyways. In Ontario, you are also not supposed to enter an intersection while a pedestrian is inside, whether the light is green or not. The light changed to red as he entered the intersection, further evidencing this. Yes, she shouldn’t have been crossing, but the cyclist is legally at fault. This is why cyclists deserve to get ran over. How didn't you see her though???? Traffic light at 2:26 was yellow. Pedestrian crossing light at 2:29 was red. Pedestrian's fault. One time one time wonton love me long time
feed on my long schlong go back to Hong Kong gong
I'll send u back to Hong Kong pair a wonton wonton I know a few cyclists in my country and those are all great guys. Despite the negative publicity that a lot of people have given them over recent years, by and large cyclists are one very close- knit group and aren't all as bad as people make them out to be Why did I start crying She hesitated to cross and even stepped backward because the one with the camera wasnt in the bike lane I rather slow down than have to wait for the police. I don’t bike fast because u can get doored, hit someone, someone can hit u etc. When bikers go fast they don’t leave any reaction time. When it’s busy i wait for a green light because a car can turn on yellow as well and hit a cyclists. Every situation on the road has to be treated differently and cyclists bike the same way no matter what’s going on. Watched a few times. So being objective you can see that the traffic light was still yellow as the cyclist went through it and the crosswalk still had the red hand don't walk signal showing.
In short what this means is that the person that got hit should not have been in the street and the cyclist was not at fault. Ouch As a bicyclist and motorcyclist you need to assume no one seeing you. You always plan on stupid maneuvers ahead. Biker was wrong thinking he could sneak passed. Glad Doesn’t look like bad injuries. Pedestrians don’t have the right of way when they have the little glowing red hand sign even if they’re in a crosswalk. It’s an intersection in a city, not a dirt road in BFE jfc. Welp maybe she should listen aah cycling in the city... love that feeling of being between life and death at every crossing, cars, trams, busses or pedestrians...you never know what could bring you down 2:15👍 The lady saw you guys and stepped in front...... You mean douche juice. Run a red light, blast through a crosswalk, plow into a pedestrian, but hey, it's ok, you're on a bicycle, which puts you above all laws.  *sarcasm, sarcasm* Can we talk about the cars driving in the bike lane 🤔🤔 FRANZ FERDINAND!!!!! Been there, done that. FUCKING peds... I have no sympathy/empathy for cyclists. They have no respect for road and traffic law. They get angry whenever someone gets in their way just because it slows their rhythm. Get them off the road I say. The cyclist should have give way to the pedestrian 2:13 skip the crap we dont care about When he hit the person the light was red fucking arse hole Gayist form of transportation. I hear take me on in the background NYC seems like such a hostile, negative place to live.. Bunch of retards commenting its riders fault. Bitch is you blind? No one should just stop in the middle of the street (apart from an accute condition like a heart attack or something) especially since she crossed at red light. Technically crossing when it said no crossing. New rules in 2018 WOW A Rapha whore ...Of coarse BKLYN NY home of liberaltards and jerks in trance. Closer look at crosswalk signal bikes and pedestrian both had a red signal Cojones? Like... balls in spanish? He could of just dodged her if he couldn't do his brakes... You could see the lady crossing way before he hit her. He seemed to make no attempt to avoid her but instead carried on going. Should have gone to specsavers!!! Stupid fucking cyclists they are lucky i dont have bull bars Fuckin mutt cyclists Chinese woman fake accident claim i think this was planned by the woman for a claim Well it's not the cyclist fault, since if your crossing a pedestrian street and STOP like a fucking IDIOT you surely will get hit Cycling on crosswalks is a bad idea. That was the woman’s fault for stopping and walking back a bit Fucking bike riders runs red light and you all suck You blithering idiot would be my reaction. And not because of the one in pink who hit the woman but you, the camera man. You were the reason for the crash. В России бы с битами вышли выяснять отношения Fucken dum pedestrians      stupid people He had yellow like 100 metres before intersection and when yellow comes it means """"slow down and stop"""" not """"rush it"""". Pedestrian also had red light but he was already on the path, cyclist was way before intersection when he got yellow It's the person's fault not the cycler they just stopped there They're both in the wrong, the woman shouldn't have crossed a red light (especially without looking both ways) but neither should you speed through a yellow light, especially in a city like New York. If you can't brake within the time it takes for the yellow light to turn red, don't go that fast. That said, it never made sense to me why people use racing bikes in big cities, you're sacrificing braking power for speed when you should want the exact opposite. 1:12
And nobody cares. The media doesn’t comment and life goes on. President says it and the nation goes berserk. This is why the bike lane is stupid. You can see her walk back when they slowed down the vid. Ha ha ha the bike feels like a toy...... That's because it is a toy lol Light was red,  and even if it wasn't, pedestrian has right of way over bicycles. 4:15 fucking fag still doesn't know that the right of the road is always with pedestrians even if they go against red, even more so when they are in the cross walking zone.... You fucking dum fuck. I would have shoveld the bike in the biker ass, fucking cyclists. And then he talks how bad that his bike is scratched. .. You fucking NYC cyclist are bunch of animals👹 He went thru on a yellow but Yoko jumped the walklight and was already in the pedestrian lane. Fault: Yoko Ono. She also broke up the Beatles and got John hooked on heroin. Seen that bicyclist went through a yellow light and hit that woman. Bicyclist fault give him a ticket for running a red light. If she hadn’t stopped, she wouldn’t have been hit Why did the lady just stand still Bikes are considered vehicles too, no excuses One millionth view!!!!!!! Weird 999k views Cyclist is a douche watch carefully. she follows the lady in-front of her. than realizes the light was wrong which then she scoots back. she did not see the cyclists when she looked back. while she was wrong to follow the lady, thats what all NYers do. Cyclists are all tools 5:05what hes doing?overtaking Going full speed into a line of crossing pedestrians is sociopathic. Cant hit jaywalkers with tons of forewarning in a car. Can't do it on a bike. You want to be treated the same, right? The group crossing was obvious to everyone. The woman stopped to let you through but didn't see the bike riding next to you (illegal in many states). So her stopping caused that idiot, who couldn't be bothered to recognize that possibility and slow down, to hit her. I can see at least 3 things there that are faults of the biker group. Want to know what’s funny is that while she was walking she stopped on the path so her getting hit is entirely his fault This is just another reason why people should just drive cars weather your dealing with NYC traffic or not. Old lady 😂 I've watched the accident scene about 50 times. His light had just turned amber and the pedestrian didn't have a walk signal. It's the pedestrians fault. Cyclists just seem annoying. That is all So you felt entitled to a discount on a camera just because you were gonna tell your friends you are using the camera? You're a fucking total douche bag! All you spandex wearing, cycling fuckwad with a huge new York fag sense of entitlement who gets in other people's business! At this point in the comment you're probably triggered like the dorky, snowflake who can't wait to rub some lance Armstrong balls all over your face. Damn you are so stupid you don't even realise the whole world is laughing at what a entitled cuckold you are! Someone used your video to show how douchey new York white guys are. The fact that you act so fucking entitled is what makes you look like such a fucking tool! The 2 41 face is priceless hahahahgahz Faggy cyclist are always at fault. Shoulder definitely made contact to the head, no way they don’t rule this a game suspension Is the biker ok? Definatley the oblivious pedestrians fault. Pedestrians are such fucking idiots, me included The man on bike didnt even move other way or then he thought shes faster. He got slow brain, but at least tried to stop bike. 
Learn to be careful and watch both sides. I think the light was red but so was the pedestrian crossing sign so they’re both in the wrong.
 I live in Seattle where there’s a lot of bike lanes, but cyclist don’t seem to understand that they’re part of the roadways too and need to obey traffic signs just as we do, I’ll respect them as cars and give them space, do whatever I need to do so they can carry on their days but please
STOP RUNNING LIGHTS it’s my only deal with them. Why did he stop in the middle of the road... dumb kid Did you just said...cojones juice? Where the fuck do you live. Ny You see people crossing you slow down. This cyclist is a fool for causing that accident. Nasty entitled attitude, and I ride. Have never hit anyone yet, city or country. Idiot cyclist in his Lycra and his fancy bike? What does he think? Is he riding at le tour de France? He is riding in the streets, as long as he is there, he is a driver and has to behave accordingly. I hope he received a fine and had to pay the medical bills to say the least. Cyclists always getting into trouble... most other people make it from A to B without any instances... but cyclists are always getting into arguments and disputes with everyone! They are a total nuisance on our roads!! Is it me or did she purposely stop As a Dutchie that cycles daily, whenever people cross the road we always continue going on anyway, because there is space opening in front. I've had to emergency before but i guess i was able to stop because we don't ride at high speeds The pedestrian is dumb as fuck. Cyclist has no fault. You just don't stand on crossing lines.. """"cojones"""" juice xDDD Goes to show you, Asian women cannot only not drive but they can't even negotiate a crosswalk. It was the person crossing the roads fault she was walking backwards then stopped so it’s her fault not the cyclist Fuckyou who put this video. what is that speed, elevation, grade, distance and course on down left corner? I would like to record whatever is in front of me and record speed elevation grade distance and course? How do you do that? What happens if someone,opens a car door?  To fast maybe or they could have swerved around the walker? 3 things I despise in this world.

# 1 - People that jog in the road
# 2 - The end pieces of a loaf of bread
# 3 - Cyclist youtube channels Why that girl stop right there The GUY had PINK on for cryin’ out loud. That should have been your first clue that he was “special” (mentally challenged) , and confused. Besides,....the salesman who sold him that bike told him that it was “carbon”, thus “indestructible.” They we’re both at fault, so they should arm wrestle for it. My money is a sure thing on the old lady. He’s probably counter-suing for breaking a nail. This is why I ride a horse. People need to learn it. The good or the bad way. Who would have thought women walking is just as dangerous a women driving. I always give cyclists plenty of extra space......... That way I can build up more speed before I run them over. Why is she just standing on tje middle of the street? the lady just dont know how to cross, put the lights and law aside, its just common sense to look while crossing, or least be predictable but she failed at both. If she didnt take the step back all would be fine. Typically only kids do this freeze and backup thing, if she knew her reactions are not that good why not just follow the lights? To all those who arent aware of the traffic laws. The pedestrian did NOT have the right of way. The bicyclist didnt expect her to illegally try to cross the street and didnt see her come out of nowhere. It is her fault for not being  responsible. Shame on her for wasting everyone's time. I got hit by a cyclist who jumped a red light while I was crossing the road. I punched him, which I think he absolutely deserved. Lol it was the asian lady, dumb bitch. Look!!! Cycling is the gayest thing you can do. The cyclist ran a red light. His wheels hit past the white marks right as the light hit red, and was just getting into the intersection right as the light hit red. He went through a red light. He had plenty of time to stop, but didn't. I hope he was found at fault. He completely ignored common sense. 
The Lady should have waited for the light to change, but other pedestrians were also walking through the crosswalk before she had the right to start walking. It was 2 seconds after the red light that the cyclist hit the pedestrian. 
They were both at fault, but given the position of the cyclist being the faster, more dangerous object on the road, it is the cyclists duty to be more cautious and predict the future, just as it is with a person in a vehicle. There was 3 people walking across the road, and the cyclist should be observant of that, and slowed down to reflect that. 
What was he thinking? i hate everyone in this video and the entire city it was filmed in

jesus christ how can anyone live like that you selfish inconsiderate ** leaning your bike against the car. 
Why are you even still in the road?
idiots]
\ it's like living in the jungle. """"We'll keep that between us."""" 
Posts video Better to injury yourself then others lol just saying The judge will pledge him guilty. He basically got the red light before hitting in the middle of the road . I paused the video. I dont feel sorry when i see a cyclist being hit by a car because they are wild alien. She was definitely in the wrong for blocking the cyclist lane and making it worse by stepping back which the cyclist probably assumed she would clear the lane walking forward.  Cyclist still takes blame cause he should of slowed down so he could make a full stop if needed.  Seemed a bit like arrogance where he knows he’s in right and hit her anyways instead of making avoidance maneuvers. That was the bikers bad Older asian lady doing anything is dangerous. Some twat on a bike done that to me once..i beat the living fuck out of him..wanker I was hit by a bicycle on the sidewalk (yeah, sidewalk) when I was a kid. (In Romania) F Where else it say that you selfish jerks don't have to stop at predestrians crossing , where doesn't say u jerks don't have to stop at traffic lights and where dose it say u jerks have the right to ride on pathways where there r no bike signs ,,Ur completely the most dumbest , selfish, aggrant, waste of space assholes going ,u all deserve. It if accident happens to u, cause Ur jerks as karma saying what comes around to see around so bam, The guy in black was waiting to let the cyclist through the woman would not have been hit if she kept walking. U can even see she stops and even takes a little step back giving the cyclist more chance to hit her plus he could not dodge her cus he doesn’t know which way she’s going as the result of her taking a step back. I would personally blame the woman for not looking and stopping in the road. cyclist is at fault bedestrian had the right of way. Fuck jay walker Woman was at fault. Man, fuck New York Well keep that between us...haha I'd that lady sued the cyclist she might have a good chance to win since pedestrians have right of way 100% of time in nyc even when in the wrong when it comes to vehicles and bikes are listed as a type of vehicle. Damn hipster transplants on bikes all over the city. Go back to the mid west. Fucking ruined Brooklyn and it’s culture. Now it’s just coffee shops and overpriced bars. Hey I know you posted this video a couple of years ago but do you mind sharing what camera you are using and how did you mounted on your helmet. Been trying to get a good setup to capture my commute and yours looks really good. Thanks. So it's bad for cars or pedestrians to get in the bicycle lane but it's ok for bycicles to get in the car or pedestrians lane. 5:45 THROW HIM A BANANA Shared liability, bike ran the yellow with no effort to stop, the light went red in the intersection so he was way late. Then the pedestrian began crossing early. Both wrong = shared liability She just stood there wtf was she doing? made in china.Sokay It was your fault for being over in the first place that caused her to stop. If you slow down the video to .25x speed, you'll notice that the woman was not looking both directions and was only looking forward. She probably realized that she was crossing on a red light so she began to back up. But that was after the three seconds of which she just stood there frozen, during then she got hit.

With the cyclist you can also notice that he slightly shifted over to the left, most likely so that when he crossed the intersection he wouldn't hit the cars that were parked along the side of the rode. But in that moment he went straight into the path of the woman and hit her. He most likely assumed that if she continued walking he would not have hit her. But she then stopped in the middle of the crossing.

While I do agree that the cyclist could have done more to avoid her,  it is pretty difficult for any biker to stop in such a short time while riding at 15-18 miles per hour. The woman also should not have just stood there, if she would've continued to back up two steps or walk forward two steps, she definitely could have avoided the collision. Just another cyclist that thinks they own the road. He had lots of time to slow down but didn`t. Should have slowed down regardless of the colour of the light as there was clearly people on the crosswalk. These comments... Lol... RIP human race Typical asshole never slow down lycra clad knob end Who looks RIGHT then LEFT? At the end....... Electric skateboard - Are there people who actually commute on those things? I would think the streets would be much too rough for them...... Dude could’ve seen that from a mile away and did nothing.... did he wanna hit her?? Damn man that is sad. When you get to that age and something like that happens. That fall is going to affect her for the rest of her life, she will never fully heal.  

Not to beat you guys up, just be careful I had a cyclist hit my dog. It took everything in me not to get violent the guy almost killed my dog. TAKE ON MEEEE Hahahahaha!!! Bet that bitch doesn't cross on a red again! Stop fucking ride like you are some sort of professional bike rider. Stupid. dumb ass cyclists, they should obey all laws and regulations and city ordinances and we wouldn't see ghost bikes along the roads where some dumb ass cyclists got killed!! She was a pedestrian in a crosswalk and you can tell the cyclist didn't even try to avoid her. He should be charged for striking a pedestrian with his vehicle. Shes Asian shes used to getting into vehicle accidents. Cyclists are cunts, they think they're better than everyone else. This guy could clearly see the stationary person from ages away and yet he didn't slow down or move to the side, he just went in a straight line right into that poor woman. Not to mention the fact that it is a zebra crossing and so people can walk across there anyway while cyclists have to stop and let them pass. Nice channel 🤟🏻 guess THAT woman didn't move how he wanted;-) can't move em all i guess? real talk I accidentally ran over a little old asian lady while riding and knocked 2 of her teeth out.

She had walked backwards into the street without looking, stepping right in front of me, then called the police saying she wanted charges pressed and said she was going to sue me why vloggers always have those sense of entitlement  to have discount,freebies,etc. when they're asking some companies..... fucking vlogger!!! i heard take on me at 0:25 cojones means testicles XD Asshole cyclists: think they own the streets in cities, they just drive too fast and wearing eye-blinkers. People on zebra crossings always have the right of way! Cojones means something bad in Italian. :D 2:18 To be Continued..... The fucking idiot moonwalked back into the bike, call my sister up to kick her ass.
Her Cha Cha Slide shit fucked up his bike! Phonies!  No concern for the kid...just like car owners...I was in the right huh?  Where's the concern for others
that cyclist ALWAYS try to portray on news coverage.  """"We had yellow""""....if not, get rid of video, man!  Bi*ches! You can tell the Pedestrian moved backward to get hit or did the person try to get out of the way.. we will never know.... American infrastructure makes me cringe so bad She took a step backwards into his path. She was Chinese, what a surprise! Those people don’t see anything. They’re a danger on roads i think overall it was the old woman fault she should have been standing where the black guy is at near the sidewalk not on the bike lane.. never be indecisive at a crossing.
that said the other guy should have slowed down a bit i saw like 4 people on that cross walk while he was biking towards it... just slow down save ur self the trouble. That kid just stopped walking for no reason like he wanna get hit #Stupid CYCLISTS ARE IDIOTS I HATE  cyclists; they want to use the roads and be respected when they do NOT observe the rules of the road. PLEASE shoot all cyclists in both knees. Bitch had her eyes closed the whole time LOL Brilliant display of cycling. Cojones?
Cojones los míos You could have went around that one but no you hit her.  Stupid. Slow do jerk. Your not the only one in the world. the old lady is literally walking forward while looking the wrong way, crossing illegally, then stops, walks backwards, and then stops again while the biker is screaming and attempting to brake at the last second because he doesn't expect someone can do that many stupid things at the same time. but nah, the biker was just evil, right? """"hey look a yellow light with pedsterians about to walk across the intersection. i'm just going to keep peddling."""" This is why I never bike in NYC. It's so fucking dangerous, no one cares about anyone else's safety, and it's just too much going on at the same time. I have a heart attack every time my bf takes citi bike. Dmh bet he couldnt pass a motorcycle test. swerving is one part, u failed miserably ESKEEEETIT ITS SO FUNNNNNNYY """"First day on the bike,"""" Ouch, goodness gracious. Also great taste in music, man @0:38 
it probably feels like a toy because it's not meant for the roads I don't know which one I hate more, the retarded pedestrian or the cyclist for being a cyclist 1:22 """"We'll keep that between us"""" Posts on YouTube. I hope the bike wasn't damaged, the road bikes ain't cheap If i would be pedestrian and bike will crash to me and nothing bad happened I would just walk away lol, not kidding does nobody in this city have eyes? Neither had the light, one ran red, the other entered crosswalk early 2:12 your welcome She also had a do not walk hand at the cross walk I believe she did this on purpose as part of a scam? he had a yellow light so he was allowed to drive and she had a red light so she wasnt allowed to walk on top of that she didnt even look to her  left. it´s only her fault. I cringed so hard when he hit her That guy at the beginning didn't even try to avoid that woman... """"we'll keep that between us"""" literally posts the video on youtube It doesn't matter if you had green or yellow or they had red or purple or rainbow colors. 
If there's someone blocking your way then you fucking stop or at least slow down.
If you don't pay attention to the street when crossing it, then what colors the lights were is the least of your concerns.
""""So you admit to running this man over and commiting homicide?"""" - Yes, your honor, but I had the right of way. """"That's it, CASE DISMISSED!""""
I wonder how empty it must be in these people's skulls. nyc is a rat infested shithole...only scum live there...and as for you cyclists, i hope a tractor trailer flattens your punk asses Too chaotic for me. I’ll walk. I understand the lady was jaywalking but cmon that guy on the bike clearly saw people crossing the road how did he not slow down and avoid tjat?!?!?!?!?!?! Lol. Love how many people actually STOP when danger is approaching instead of moving out of the way... (Not just for cyclists) Cyclist who ran into woman should be in jail, simple. What an idiot riding that bike! there are other people in the world you know! asshole cyclists can all get hit by cars. Gee, she jumped right it in front of him... He had absolutely no time to stop at that high speed. Was that an electric skateboard that guy was on at the end of the video? It's against the law to walk backwards on crosswalks fucking cyclists are arseholes and why did she stop in the middle of the street God damm idk why i always found this video so funny... im going to hell I see two problems with this crash, obviously the lady shouldn't be crossing when she doesn't have the go ahead so legally she's in the wrong. On the other hand, that cyclist needs to be aware of his surroundings. If you see pedestrians crossing the street (legally or not), you absolutely have to slow down enough to avoid them. I see so many fellow cyclists acting like they own the roads and seemingly ignoring all other traffic. These types of cyclists give the rest of us a bad name. Whyd she just stop Fucking prick should have his legs glued together so he can never cycle again... let’s hope he gets charged with attempted murder.. Cojones juice in spanish is like your ovaries juice xD She was just jaywalking and the dude entered lawfully on a yellow light, how can people even try to defend her? The cyclist had enough time to stop so wtf? Those asshole are hazard to the public.. SHE STEPPED BACK INTO THE PATH OF THE BIKE! WHAT A NONCE Man she took a big hit! Glad she’s not seriously injured. I live in that neighborhood, Clinton hill Brooklyn New York. You’re right outside that large catholic school """"Yeah! I'll delete it"""" and 4.7k people just witnessed it...lol Dumbass crossed on a red light. You dumb Americans don't even know how to ride a bicycle. You see that fucking kid standing there from miles away and you just decide to ride into him? Pathetic. これは歩行者側の信号無視なの？ Pink scrub keep pedaling  both of them are guilty though I’m going to hell for laughing... How do you live in a place like this. So chaotic it's not even close, @ 2:13 the light is yellow and the cyclist is nowhere near the intersection... at least 4 bike lengths away.  he could have easily stopped but the sense of entitlement is way too strong in this turd.  all he and this other turd cared about was the video to save his wrong ass... he didn't care about the injured party. what scum...  I come across these selfish cyclists all the time. they love to hog the road and if they are in a group? forget it... they will make sure you get stuck behind them for 10 minutes. 

ever talk to these idiots? they all think they are saving the world from global warming... most voted for Obama and Hillary. these are beta cucks and hate toxic males. picture james comey in spandex...  I cant stand these degenerates. Jaywalkers 🙄 The pedestrian was in the wrong. Your light was yellow she was in the wrong for two counts one stepping off curb before her walk signal then stopped and backed up getting hit by bike. Good news is she had it lucky it was just a bike it could have been a car. Where in the hell was that cyclists head ?! He didn't even brake until he was like 3 feet from the woman. And why did he ask if he had the light ?? Pedestrian's ALWAYS !!! have the right of way. 2:13 And what in the hell were YOU !!! thinking ?? You're supposed to be riding single file INSIDE !!! the bicycle lane markers, not occupying a full lane of traffic. It's hot dogs like you guys that give us law abiding cyclists a bad rep. Please, find another hobby/mode of transportation if you can't abide by bicyclists rules of the road. She try to credit Frod you The pedestrian did that deliberately 2:12 Wait, is the bike okay? He ran right into the old lady, he was looking right at her. The light was yellow & turning red. Cyclist should have slowed down. Stupid cyclist. That was kinda the cyclist fault, you should give a pedestrian more than a foot in-between you and the bike. Even if she didn't step backwards she was still really close That was avoidable. The pedestrian backed up, if they would have kept walking they would have been fine ILL BE GONE IN A DAY OR TWOOOOOOOOO Don’t know why anyone would want to live in a city. Nice Worst roads, not conditioned well. It was yellow ok but who tf stops in the middle of the road 5:20 I get that it’s frustrating to a bicyclist when the cab veers into the bike lane but that doesn’t give you the right to be a bitch and smack your hand on his car. We got the same name, that’s a rare thing for me to say """"We'll keep that between us"""".
 Yeah, you meant 'us' right?😉 Cyclist broke law. Lights changed to amber and it was safe to stop, however cyclist proceeded. Shouldn't be riding on public roads. It's the ladies fault It turned yellow as he reaches the line, but there were already people in the crosswalk. 
Cars aren’t allowed to enter a crosswalk with pedestrians in it... 
bikes obey the rules of the road right? I've got to stop watching these videos. Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
I came for 2:17,
So did you. i'd be like 'dude, get your faggy bicycle off my car you pink wearing poof' It’s her fault. She stood still in a lane specifically for vehicles. It’s like standing in the middle of the road and not moving when a car who can’t slow down is coming toward you. Whose mistake was that? Did you send him a message and he called you back? you cross at Yellow but he hit at red It wouldn't have happened if the idiot in pink was simply looking at where he was going.  That's it.  Cyclists are fucking morons. Make 360 video ps subbed Any pedestrian in a """"crosswalk"""" always has the right of way.  This was totally the cyclist fault and they are liable for any injuries or hospital / ER visits or bills. Your a idiot open your eyes and stop for red lights Both their fault IMO... Cyclist didn't slow down pedestrian went back instead of going forward.

(But tbh It's the pedestrians fault she J walked) I see a pedestrian jaywalking and a cyclist too close to the right (a lot of car doors). Tell me if you get to the end.




















































































































































Skateboards.....



































































































































Fuck keep going! :)


















































































































































































































































































































































































































R.I.P KEEP GOING!









































































































You won’t keep going.






















































































































































Are you getting tired yet? But keep going!






































































































































































































KEEP GOING!!!














































































































































































Almost there I promise!!!










































































































































Teeny bit more!
































































































































































































































































































































Little bit more like a few more seconds!









































We got a winner!!!! (My fingers hurt and this took the while video) Leave a like if you made it all the way! Reminds me of insurance scammers. Why the fuck would you just stop crossing the road and freeze. Am I the only one who cringe seeing the cyclist leaning his bicycle on the parked car? I mean, a little respect for other people's stuff is always appreciated, I'm pretty sure the person owning this car didn't get asked... Pedestrians fault not the cyclist Yes the lady was crossing when she had a red. But fuck you to the biker. He went through on a yellow, but no way in hell he cleared the intersection before it turned red, so they are also just as technically in the wrong. But more importantly, why did he not react to the woman starting to cross? He kept pedaling and didn't even swerve at all to react to a very obvious collision a long time coming. I'm dumbfounded as to his actions. The only way any of this makes any sense is that he wanted to hit her, or he's inebriated out of his mind Hahaha pichi vieja pendeja xd Why did she stop walking 2:36 , ww Is he just leaning his bike on some random persons car? they complain about the cars in the bike lans then block a cross walk. Shit music Top ten sads anime deaths joke ight no mad light was red tho 44444444444444444444 44444444444444444444 44444444444444444444 44444444444444444444 So you witness an accident where someone is obviously hurt ..... what do you do? ... . Sit there and film it and offer no help. I sincerely hope you are never hurt and are sitting there watching people film but not help ..... what has society come to. ..... learn from this ..... help other human beings if they need help....... And thats why you dont stand in the middle of the road. Her problem is she looked one way and not both ways. Cyclists are the biggest pussies I've ever seen, oh and why were you guys running a red light... fuckin bitches Fuck her, her fucking fault. I deal witb those mother fuckers all the time. Even worse, on a fixie. Making me cringe badly.... Definitely the pedestrians fault 2:33 that person is like woah wat then realices Uhhh ”We’ll keep that between us.”
Proceeds to upload it on youtube
XD Another dbag bicyclist ignoring traffic laws and thinking the world revolves around him. 
Bicyclists are the worst people Both are at fault. You cant be under a red light. Thats why yellow means slow down. The lady crossed just before her light turns green. Good video dude ¿whats the name of intro's song? Wait wait one question?


Are you listening to Korn? 2:27 He went through the yellow light. At this point the light was red for both the pedestrian and cyclist. The cyclist should've used more caution as he's more dangerous with a moving bike than a walker. i hear take on me at the start lol Blind ass stupid bitch😂 Yup he was on a yellow These cyclists need some beat downs seriously fuck them they think they own the road stupid bastards Dumbass lady what the fucj was she doing  stopping in the middle of the street without looking both ways You twats on the bikes ran a red light...and blamed the pedestrian for your assholishness.  Karma will land you idiots underneath a semi-truck. Inconsiderate twat cyclists... All these cycle videos just make me feel very fortunate for living in the Netherlands. Kinda her fault for just standing there when she saw it coming The light was yellow turning red. He had a clear line of sight of the pedestrians crossing.
Technically they shouldn't have been crossing, however pedestrians are always a priority on roads. Those cyclists should have slowed down and come to a stop. Both sides are at fault, however it's not going to look good for that cyclist.

4:12 His bike is resting on someone else's car.

And what the hell was with that cyclist. 5:19 
Being reckless on the road and even pushing off using a car.


No wonder people don't like cyclists. They're so disrespectful. Still walking on red light and that's what you got 2:30 This cyclist is a amateur or what? He doesnt have any reaction at all. You saw these people on the road and didnt even slow down or turn your wheel on the other side. He didnt even slam the breaks and hit that lady at full speed. How stupid could it be? Again, totally pedestrians fault for standing in the bike lane 2:32 Final killcam Bikers think they never have to obey rules! Lol Are you in a Contest....What happens if this could be YOUR child/Wife etc....what you thinking....? Always expecting the unexpected.... The lady was not at fault. She stopped so the other cyclist could pass not realising the other cyclist was there. The other cyclist should have been paying attention and slowed down. The dopey cyclist just ran into the woman. WHY DO YOU JUST STOP IN THE MIDDLE OF A FUCKING CROSSROAD??? PEOPLE PLEASE! she could have moved. but she stood there. She started going backwards smh... Why did she stop wtf Tf she do that for so funny! Cyclists always wear such fucking gay clothes, its an embrassment WTF.. There are 4 people on the cross walk, still the biker does not slow down.. If you cant brake, you are too fast.. It is simple.. The dude is a bitch The pedestrian has more control of the situation and should just fucking look out for themselves and not be a clueless fuck. He would have cleared it had she not stepped back, which is obviously not a normal crosswalk action. It was a red, and I get why she did it. I can definitely understand his POV as a rider too. Really?.. the light turned Yellow.. obstacles in the cross walk, regardless if they we're legal or not, it was still an obstacle.. he should've stopped at the yellow.. it's using common sense, people.. obviously he slowed down at the rough road.. you can't control rough roads, just like you can't control other people's actions.. I look here and all of you know how to ride a bike, and i don t even know that.. This feels awfull. Dude. The Girl Saw him coming and stoped in front of him. Its the kids fault. He was standing and not walking you guys shoulda slowed down at that orange light and also slowed down when u saw pedestrians. Even on a bike pedestrians have right of way even when they are in the wrong. Also it kinda looked fishy on the ladys part seems she set you guys up thats why u gota slow down near pedestrians like that Chinese people always stop in place. They dont know where theyre going, just observe them in airports That thumbnail is a bit graphic can u change it That lady is an idiot, why did she walk and then stop in the middle of the walk way and she didn’t have to right to go yet the hand was red you say ride safe but you are not stay off the road please """"Err, what are you?""""

""""51""""--
[CENSORED] The lady was at fault for crossing at red but judging from this situation, if they want the best result of no one getting hurt, the biker should had slowed down way before and accept the wait at the red light instead of speeding up and try to take the chances of going behind an old lady who probably has shitty reaction time and awareness. She was crossing when it was still red. 'We'll keep it between us"""" and YouTube Stupid lady! God i hate nyc FOB picked a shitty time to learn to moonwalk. That was that dumbass lady’s fault. She just decided to stop in the middle of the road like???? The hell? """"We'll keep it between us"""" ... And 800k more viewers It's the strangers fault crossing the street why would she go forward and then back up and then if you look in the video the crossing sign shows you can walk it gave her the go-ahead she's just looking for a easy way out to get paid I hate cyclists. Funny cuz Cojones means balls in spanish xd She saw the guy and she was about to avoid it but she step back so she got hit......and she didnt move fast enough.... she just stood there and watch herselfe get hit.... did you mean idiots hit by bicycle in the title? dude runs a red light and expects people to get out of his way, sad# That's exactly what i'm talking about! Bonehead Pedestrian was WWO (walking while Oriental). To me it's bullshit that a cyclist don't have to register or license the damn bike so not really paying road use tax . But I do about the 
U.K. I love this guy, he is listening good music :  (3min) The HIVES  <3 It looks like me when I first rode a bike without training wheels and I kept running into poles Clearly showing a RED HAND SIGNAL. Dumb lady. “I’ll delete it” doesn’t do 少年かと思ったら、ババアでワロタwwww The light was red so the bicycle can’t go Nope turned red in middle of intersection... your at fault. Did the twat have permission to rest the bike up against someone's car? Cyclists are bad news. It was the lady’s fault. First off she stopped in the middle of the crosswalk secondly she had the red hand Lady should have not walked backwards on a busy street It was kind of her fault because she didn't have the light anyway I'm so glad I don't live in New York I moved I lived in Europe for 2 years now and nothing like this happened People are stupid This rider sounds annoying AF. I’m sorry but the women that stopped in the middle of the road is stupid, I know you
Might now agree with me but why would anyone stop in the middle of the road when a bike was coming it’s like she wanted to get hurt Why did she go backwards there were no car coming Dumb cyclists, they want everyone else to give them room, but they think the rules of the road don't apply to them. We'll keep that between us and the whole of the internet :) First time on the bike, damn. You either cross the road or you don't. You don't walk out then decide to jolt backwards when there are clearly people passing you. I hate cyclists, they’re such a danger when they don’t follow the rules of the road. first a light turns green.... then red before someone has time to finish crossing. she was wearing hi vis and crossing with a group on a crossing.  and doing 5.5miles in over 30min is a poor effort. a pedestrian is on the road,on a crossing. use your fucking breaks. right of way or are the rules different in america. cyclists suck, unregistered wankers. yellow light means prepare to stop unless unsafe to do so... light turns yellow at exactly 2:13 the cyclist had tons of time 2 seconds to stop at the line. Even my three year old kid knows to look both ways before you cross the street Does anyone know the song at 3:50 ?
Never mind, got it.
The Hives - Go Right Ahead You see the pedestrian had the white cross walk allowed sign lit st the second she got hit. However from a police stand point you went they a yellow that turned red while in the intersection your at fault if you proceed thru a intersection that late and it turns red 2:17, this is obviously her fault. She walked slow af, and then fucking stopped where she was standing, and this was way before the bike hit her.... She had a no crossing sign she shouldn't have even been in the cross walk her light was red The cycleist ride on the sidewalks in my town and want the people to get out of the way. The Pedestrian go out on red light! Why doesnt he slow down ? why do you guys weir helmets The woman is definitely at fault. She was crossing while the hand was on red. It changed right after the hit which means hes in the the clear. Im guessing people were crossing regardless because they only saw bikes and not cars but that doesnt make it ok and still puts you at fault for crossing. This is an absolute no brainer. Stupid fucking cyclist shouldn't be on the road if he can't anticipate the pedestrian using a CROSSING and then avoid them. Jesus Christ, can't believe this is even debated here. Must be a lot of idiot cyclists. Blasting that music is really obnoxious :-S The Yellow or Amber light as it's actually called, means """"get ready to stop"""" and not """"Quickly go before it turns Red"""". Majority of you are idiots and always cause accidents. Irresponsible as fuck and shouldn't be on the road. You're worse than Asian drivers.👍👎 Cheap Garmin, as if they are not getting free advert. So I'm seeing a lot of things the cars are doing wrong, a lot of things the pedestrians are doing wrong, but I'm also seeing a few things the cyclists doing wrong too.  Seems like NYC is just cancer in general.  No one can do anything right there. Oh my goodness... the worst thing that happened to the lady was probably a big bruise. well that person should look both ways while still crossing !!!! The jerk filming this is an idiot. He's one of those jackoff bicycle dopes who think they have the right of way. When someone is in a cross walk walking the walker has the right of way not the vehicles cars trucks and you pick bicycles. You even admitted you went through a yellow which is not green thereby you needed to stop because you would not be able to get through by the time it's red. Thereby the crosswalk walkers are in the right. Idiots Bikers are complete faggs, but he was totally in the right. He legally went through a yellow light and she was jwalking. They were both at fault. The light turned yellow before they blew through the intersection. He should not have gone through esp at the speed he was going. The pedestrians should not have already been in the cross walk yet because the light wasn't red at that time. However, pedestrians have the right of way (even if it's a stupid maneuver), which trumps the cyclist. He should have been looking and not plow his way through a cross walk during a yellow light. Why do cyclists think they can ignore traffic laws? Wow, these cyclists drive like retards... If you blow through a yellow/red and plough into someone, you have no business riding a bike. legally the rider was not so wrong, the pedestrian crossed the track in red, so the rider may not have noticed. On the other hand, in cities it is necessary to pedal at lower speeds, since a child or a cat's cub can leave behind a car in the middle of the street, and then? Cyclists are cucks Sure the pedestrian was being a lemming, but that is not an excuse to forgive the cyclist for jumping the light because it was displaying amber, which means that when he crossed the line of the junction he entered the intersection with out having the right of way. Yes both parties were breaking the the traffic regulations but anyone who drives or rides in a city knows that all pedestrians have no common sense and if you are in an area with lots of them you drive/ride accordingly. No matter how you cut it the cyclist was the road vehicle, and people who are in control of any form of road vehicle are obliged to be aware of what is happening on the road in front of them at all times otherwise the rider/driver is not fit to be using the road. Yeah, beautiful bike, how about asking about the condition of the pedestrian. If she didnt move back :/ Clearly was her fault. No doubt. The video doesnt lie U didnt delete shit First of all the bicyclists had the right away and she ran into the crosswalk then went notice she fucked up and froze The light turned red while he was in the intersection, so he ran a red light. The pedestrian was jaywalking. Both at fault. Looks like a shithole city! video starts at 2:15 People on bicycles are idiots No vehicles where coming but she just stood there, doesn't make sense. Plus not being racist, but she Chinese. They do this shit alot even back home, fake accident claims. cyclists are idiots. you ride a bike as a kid because you can't drive a car yet. get a job and a car, retards First of all,
Who tf backs up crossing the road So camera guy witnesses her get hit and doesn’t even go up to ask if she’s alright. Just keep your distance and talk to the other cyclist. What an ass. Light turned red before you went through 🙁 You should have stopped, but the pedestrian should not have stopped were they stopped as well """" we will keep that between us . """" - well it on youtube sooooo.... Great I'm Asian, but many asians scam for insurance money...I'm pretty sure that's what it was...she moved BACK. like what?.. Cyclist are the worst people in the world you are in a vehicle  you don't have the right of way!!! You are not as partisan. legally, the cyclist is not at fault as the pedestrian neglected her own safety when she decided to cross before the crosswalk had signaled it was safe. even if the cyclist “should have braked”, legally, the pedestrian is at fault. Biker was in the wrong and I wouldn't support you either if you called up asking for money. Who are you? Ok so that's the first time I've ever heard adrenaline called ball juice. Makes alot of sense that cyclists like testicle juice with all the spandex they wear. 0:23 until teeeeeeeeeee So cyclists dont need to obey road signs  eg red light at crossroads also rideing across a pedestrian crossing rather than wait for lights It’s her fault as she just stopped walking the clown You ran a red light yourself O_o She was in fault for jaywalking. He was in fault for continuing to pedal hard toward an obvious obstacle. You guys want to be treated like cars. You guys want pedestrian right aways. 
God damn stupid cyclist She deserved it. I wouldve got up and kept going, she was jaywalking AND stopped on the crosswalks If you're riding a bicycle you don't have """"cojones""""... You have ovaries. She or he shouldn't be sorry and this Is y u look before u cross kids """"We'll keep that between us""""
yeah Is """"bike feeling like a toy"""" similar to runners high? I hope she died Go right ahead Do they not understand that a solid hand means do not walk? Omg why do people have to be babies about everything. Like just get up grandma nd shake it off. Fucken cyclists. If youre on the road then follow the fucking rules and wait for them to finish crossing Ok the girl who got hit backed up into her so... Assholes’ on bikes
Just sit there
Don’t go back and help The bicycles ran a red light and the pedestrian crossed illegally.  Both are at fault. Look before you cross, simple as that. It could’ve been a car that knocked her lights out for good. She should consider herself lucky. Fatality . It sad that it had to happen to a biker riding on the bike lane in the right direction.  I see riders going through red lights, against the direction of the traffic an they yell at you if you don't see them coz you're more concerned about the cars coming at you from the other direction - the right direction!!!  I love that the city encourages less pollution and motor traffic but certain laws need to be laid -- and obeyed!!!  My only thought for the lady's defense is, how could you not see a bright pink blouse?!  We NYers do look on both direction because if you don't get hit by a car coming from the right direction, you can still get hit by a bike coming from the wrong direction...so don't blame it on the lady.  Sometimes bikers even ride on the sidewalk as cops nearby have their eyes on the iPhone.  Even cops turn the other way... not very weird that you would think the person would you know....keep walking. but i mean its always good to slow down at traffic lights because there are stupid people who dont actually look around. Nice of you to sit and watch instead of helping. Forget the accident, 0:16 greatest song ever by the greatest band! bruh is she didn’t stop, her ass wouldn’t have gotten run over. Couldn't avoid hitting someone on a bike, good thing the guy doesn't drive. woulda killed the woman lol if shed kept walking he wouldnt have hit her whyd she suddenly stop???? Sorry, you passed road on red as well as pedestrians. You both are idiots. Edit, they drove on yellow but crossed section at red so it is fine by law and common sense. Pedestrians fault 100% Even if there was a signal telling this person to cross, why would they stop in the middle of the road?  I'm sick of pedestrians who dawdle (and have no reason to) when crossing the street.  It's dangerous and as this clip shows, they can get hurt. Give way to pedestrians on a pedestrian crossing It honestly looks like the pedestrian stopped and waited to be hit, like she saw the bike coming and stopped walking just in time so that cyclist would hit her.... but idk, just an observation how could you just sit there and watch for so long without walking over? This is why bicyclists shouldn’t rise on or on the side of the road. Find a mother place I see pedestrians waiting in the street like this lady (or crossing against the light) all the time. It's stupid. I'm sorry she got hurt but totally her fault. Follow the laws people and everything thing will flow smoothly and safely. It's not rocket science. his number is 51 everybody! Stupid kid shouldn't of been in the way, simple! Wtf the lady step backwards to get into his way I wonder how people would react if this were a car versus a bike. I bet they would be blaming the woman for stepping in front of a moving vehicle, rather than blaming the bike for not slamming on his breaks and trying to stop at the light. People don't realize that it wouldn't be safe to throw on your breaks like that to try and stop at a light. Cars actually require a shorter stopping distance than bikes. He might have stopped in the intersection if he tried to brake. As a cyclist, I was initially going to blame the guy, but he looks to not be in the wrong, especially when he went through a yellow, but she started across on a red hand.

She was probably listening for cars rather than looking both ways before she crossed illegally. If you don’t live in New York then you really won’t understand the situation. The lady looked like she was crossing the road but then just stopped. If that cyclist had touched my car I'd have been so mad On amber, you must give way to pedestrians on the crossing, that's even the case on red. Stupid cyclists running stop lights. All vehicles, including bicycles, have to keep a pace that allows them to stop in case of danger ahead, slow down at crossings, and zebra crossings are always a safe zone for pedestrians even if they jay walk. Practice emergency braking now and then to learn how to stop. Send this video to the cops and arrest both of them. Her face hahahah Believe it or not NYC is considered one of the safest big cities in America These bikers are cocky assholes Biker queers Her fault for stand like a deer She walks forward, then walks back, the cyclist should not have to say sorry because it was totally her fault, what an idiot that girl was... Assholess bicycles Bikers fault. The yellow came quick enough for him to stop..... but she shouldnt be stepping intot the road. Why did she just stand there though Oh great first you ride around the city like you own it don't stop at stop lights blow right through them then you're going to harass some cops because they're in your way when you do the same thing to drivers and pedestrians then you plow into an old lady when she's on the crosswalk the crosswalk is for pedestrians and they have the right of way now you and Pinky are going to hook up because you're a couple of homosexuals Bright Idea there is that the only way you could get the other homos fucking phone number you....... cyclist suck this is why everybody hates your dumb asses new york looks like a shithole The guy in the pink shirt could’ve avoided that easily First I thought this was all his fault.  It looked like he shou've could've stopped.  After watching few more times, I see what happened.
Youg lady crosses first and old lady follows.  Cyclist sees old lady crossing but doesn't slow down because he is expecting her to keep crossing and he'll pass behind her.  Old lady stops and back steps after seeing it's still no walk sign.  Cyclist breaks hard just before hitting her.  It's just unfortunate series of events.  I still think he should have stopped at the light. He had at least 2 cars length when light turned yellow.  Nice of her not to press charges, becuase he would be more at fault than her. Does cojones juice make you so stupid you ride into a pedestrian at a zebra crossing? It would appear so from your video. The dudes really bad at riding a bike he doesn't even know how to turn the handlebars HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHA I am so glad I don't live in New York, why do people still choose to live there? The job opportunities aren't even competitive Legally it's the pedestrians fault as they didn't have the light to cross. But the cyclist was pretty dumb to just keep motoring forward like that. Well your city is very interesting Cyclists goes through red light. Yellow means slow down, midway red light. Stupid cyclist never obey lights completely cyclist fault. assault at the least as they didn't even slow down when they saw the lady so he intended to hurt her. simple as. What cycling computer program was that? Ey, I'm Walkin' here! :)
(Cyclin') Once I was walking on the sidewalk there was a person riding a bicycle and they crashed into me......it hurt a lot. 😳😷 Pedestrians were crossing. You guys saw that, you should have slowed down.
Stupid move of her to start crossing the street, then move back. Bikes share the road with cars and are at far greater risk of injury from all kinds of things.  But they are not licensed or insured.   And they ignore traffic laws all the time.  This all seems wrong to me somehow. Pedestrian is at fault, she's crossing when it's red (clear red hand in slowmotion) , bicycle had orange not red. Driving in New York looks awful! You rape the traffic code left and right, and you don't even consider to don't stop on the middle of the road to exchange numbers. Look at the cyclist at 2:55! you should do the same before calling others for their stupidity. Why’d she start walking backwards You ran a red light!!! Enough said !! you are at fault not the pedestrian. Pedestrians have the right away even for bicycling. People don't like to look at what's happening when they step into the street I mean you guys rushed through a yellow light which turned red in a sec... both should’ve been more aware but that was on u guys not the lady this is why bike riders in new york suck Of course, the poster of this video was passing the other cyclist in an intersection, also a violation. 😂😂😂😂😂o.o my dear New York Pedestrians crossing on RED 2:17 , but a vehicle on the road, motorized or not, has the duty to not hit someone on the road or in a crosswalk, illegally or not. Be safe, it only takes a couple seconds.
Plowing through crosswalks full of pedestrians can become a habit, leading to a fatal collision.
Imagine you hit and kill a kid.  You'll relive that every time you see a similar scene.  It'll ruin your cycling and life. cyclist was in the wrong. obviously people were in the cross walk. regardless, if they were right or wrong in walking at that time the cyclist should have slowed down or stopped not zig zag through them. I would honestly say that the pedestrians shouldn't be crossing at all. Because all the others actively crossing when they shouldn't be, the older woman decides to cross. The crosswalk light is clearly red and also the light just turned red, so the crosswalk light is clearly red.  The cyclist should have clearly seen them and stopped, but for some reason didn't. So both are kind of at fault, but the only person who could have prevented this is the cyclist since the older woman probably has slower reflexes and even stopped right before the hit as if hesitating or thinking. 4:30 Whats the deal here the  kid was on a crossing or is it different in the U S of fucking A What a fucking shithole Red light. His fault. Whys he blitzing through zebra crossings? You're meant to stop. It's the cyclists fault. Country? I keep saying cyclists and cars n the same road is a big NO NO NO. You know slowing down on pedestrian lanes exists. She saw the bike but she decided to walk back a little He didn't have the light it was yellow you don't have acceleration to beat a 5 second light. He was in the lead and it was red halfway through meaning everyone else was in red. Cyclist are cunts. I swear so many people freeze up when they realize they're in the way This is a shit place to ride...WAY to dangerous for everyone involved (cyclists, pedestrians, cars, etc.) No one wins! I laughed. I’m going straight to hell 🤣 You ran a red light and she was standing still wtf lol no brake?? meanwhile in Holland, do that and you would not even have to say sorry. cyclists cycling on a cycle path have right of way no matter what What u get for jay walking The light was RED when the bicyclist entered the intersection. You riders LiVE to break the rules! She should have had been aware of her surroundings. All the people blaming the cyclist must be jaywalkers just like her. I hope all you cyclists gets ball cancer They should both be ticketed.  NY VTL 1180(a) """"No person shall drive a vehicle at a speed greater than is reasonable and prudent under the conditions and having regard to the actual and potential hazards then existing.""""  With people in the crosswalk, cyclist was definitely travelling too fast for conditions.  Likewise, the lady is guilty of jaywalking, under 1151(a) and 1151(b) """"No pedestrian shall suddenly leave a curb or other place of safety and walk or run into the path of a vehicle which is so close that it is impractical for the driver to yield.""""  The former is a moving violation though. This is shared fault. They were both wrong. He shouldn't have entered the crosswalk with a pedestrian occupying it and she shouldn't have been crossing with a red crosswalk signal. I don’t understand how in NY you can skate and ride a bike in the middle of the road between cars it’s seems so dangerous to me
Ill always go on the sidewalk personally or next to it """"Keep that between us""""
Uploads on YouTube My pet peeve is when I'm out walking the dog (not an euphemism). I have cyclist coming silently up behind me with the dog weaving around on the path. They occasionally yell at me about the dog. I yell back at them about fitting (per the law) and using a bell or at least their voice.
Next is finding them riding abreast when by law they're supposed to be in single file and I'm driving the car. It annoys drivers and can lead to them getting hit by the car when it tries to squeeze past. Pedestrian fault.  Contributory at best. Looked like red hand was flashing on the crosswalk 🤔 There are some real dipshits on bicycles. that was satisfying to watch for some reason K.O. 2.15- 2.16 he completely on red light.... No bikers even talk to the injured lady! Camera person is interested on """"how  nice that bike was"""" ! Looks like Chinese old lady ! The guy got plenty of time to avoid that accident !!! He was actually trying to beat the red light  ! Lots of speed  for sure!!! Man people are so selfish now a days HA JOKES ON YOU I GOT THE FIRST TWO  NUMBER OF HIS PHONE NUMBER why did the woman stop and then take a step back? anyone know? if she hadn't done that, she wouldn't have gotten hit Is the bike alright?

He said it his first time on bike bhahaha """"Take On Me"""" playin at the start Cyclists in the city just don't want to stop unless they absolutely have to.   They are suppose to follow traffic laws but most don't.   They are completely exposed for severe injury if they have an accident.   AND....they don't have to have a license or carry insurance.   This makes no sense to me. #NAME? .... The pedestrian who met it was at fault for being  clueless in the street.  Really she was gazing skyward as if getting an email from the holy -see. 
-From the bikers point-   Zero reaction to the situation.  Some braking was applied at the end and attempts to save to pedestrian were made. Jaywalker. Deserved """"Cojones"""" juice...
Delicioso Why did she step back. WHY Stupid lady for standing in the middle of the street  and stupid cyclist for not looking he was clearly looking straight I was hit by a cyclist like that. Except that the light was green for me and red for him. Of course he tried to blame me and said I came out of no where but I just walked away. The Pedestrian always has the right of way. Especially she's Crossing at a crosswalk. Do you bikers think that you are always in the right and you never do anything wrong? If that had been a car that hit a biker it would have been the car's fault. Not to mention it look like he could have swerved around her a little. F**** cyclists.  I once had a cyclist run a four way stop, coming straight down the hill didn't observe the four-way stop sign I had the right-of-way I assumed he was going to stop because that's what cars have to do, made my right hand turn and he about hit me and cussed me out. Fckn americans. Just fucking look both ways before crossing the street, even if there‘s a green light.  it‘s not difficult at all! Look at 2:31. The pedestrian crossing signal clearly has the red hand, which indicates that the pedestrian should remain on the sidewalk. This person was not only on the asphalt, but also not looking towards incoming traffic. I think the cyclist maybe could have done more to brake/swerve, but given the speed and proximity to other vehicles, the pedestrian is at fault for being unaware of traffic. Hey guys! It was a don’t walk sight! The cyclist is doing her thing. Just all you RELAX....and merge  rather than make a big issue out of it all! They didn't really keep that between them did they ? LUL The light is red before the cyclist got into the intersection. I wonder what happened. Did she have any injuries, was there a lawsuit with the cyclist ticketed? I'm just curious And both the cyclist and the pedestrian ran a red light good job You seem pretty bitter about Garmin not sponsoring you... They have NO obligation whatsoever to do so... Idiot cyclists. What did the dumbass stop I have 9,000 miles of cross country bicycle touring, 2 years as a bike messenger, and use a bicycle in place of a car for everything.  The unsafe and illegal acts in this video could be a manual of how not to ride a bicycle. Looks like shared fault.  The cyclist is going through the intersection on a yellow which turns to red as he's in the intersection, but the pedestrian is also illegally crossing the road against a red hand. 2:15 I'm a cyclist, biker and a driver. If I see potential shit going down way ahead of me, I slow down or create some sort of safe distance no matter how much in the right I am. 

Not saying the pedestrian is innocent but hell, common sense goes both way. I'm with the cyclist on this one. The lady was jaywalking and if she had not suddenly stopped walking, he wouldn't have hit her. The light was yellow-- in America, most people will still go through yellows turning red. It is legal to do so, as long as you are in the intersection before it turns red, which they were. Although I do hope both the lady and the cyclist are okay. Hahaha I love doing this in gta And, why the f*** did he give the video to the kid that got hit??? People on a crossing, cyclist keeps pedalling anyway :rollseyes:  It doesn't matter that the pedestrians jumped the green, you don't just keep going until you hit something.  The usual arrogant stupid from your average cyclist опачки!Свои в штатах :) подписка с меня :) Insurance scam He totally deleted that part... i have a bicycle i mean i dont ride it but this guy makes me wanna ride it NY horrible place?! lol 3world countries compare to NY ..NY  is amezing shit be grateful ffs 1:38 fuckin love me some Franz Ferdinand. Ain’t no breaks on this train new york is ugly place like manila, traffic is life, hahaha Excellent music taste! Correct action was to provide video to pedestrian that was hitten too This happened in Canada Ontario The guy was going 18mph when it went yellow. He could've stopped in time for sure. They both fucked up. One thing about living in Japan is that people cross when the crosswalk says you can cross. I'm from Boston and I've had tons of close calls because pedestrians will just jump out in the middle of the street whenever they so please. I felt so bad for the woman. :( New York?   Almost reminds me of biking downtown portland...  But bigger. Whoooo!!!! Thnk god they are all right Pretty sure if a pedestrian is crossing the road, regardless if they are in the wrong or the right, you slow WAY the fuck down. Just because you have the light and they don’t doesn’t mean you get to fucking hit them. I’m sick of cyclists acting like they’re vehicles and need to be respected by car drivers and yet show no respect for pedestrians. Learn to use your fucking eyes and brakes like every other driver on the road is meant to, hazard perception isn’t just for your own safety. That would be amazing?.....Then what do you say if something is really amazing? They went on the yellow. The pedestrians didn’t have a go a green light Picture says a thousand words
https://i.imgur.com/qHdlNz2.png Hope the bike is okay At least in USA you have an """"exclusive """" way of the road, try in Bogotá Colombia, you will appreciate more what you have over there dude """"i'll delete it""""
shows it in the video Clear evidence. Ran amber light while enough time to stop. Also no passing or change lanes on near any intersection. Cyclists fault. No wonder most car drivers don't like cyclists. 0:19 TAAAAAKE OOOOOOON MEEEEEEE Why did she start walking when she wasn't supposed to, then like backed up into the cyclist The cyclist is at fault! Like come on! He saw her and she’s wearing pink Aren’t you always supposed to be careful every time you go through an intersection. The woman clearly stopped and waited for the cyclist to hit her. It was the woman's fault not the cyclist Cyclist went through the light after it turned orange. The cyclist should have stopped when the light went orange, there was enough time. Sometimes in a car you can’t because the stopping time is greater but on a bike he could have and chose not to. It doesn’t matter whether the pedestrian was there or not. Deserved Wtf.. I get how shes old, clearly during the pauses, she stopped ON the road, and leaned back Would u not look both ways when crossing? """"cojones juice""""? That and crying because Garmin didn't want to sponsor some random shit on Internet is enough to make one want to stay away from this shit content. The ammount of thumbs down says it all Dimwit cyclists. Your camera clearly shows red. All cyclists think rules do not apply to them. If in your first world country this is so, there is no salvation for Brazil. Cojones juice xddddddd I don't feel bad for laughing. All on walker in this one light was yellow and they had no walk sign to cross. That's Jay walking weather ur in the cross walk or not that is not the bikers fault What was that lady thinking?! You really like riding your bike! 1:22 “We’ll keep that between us.” 
Posts it on YouTube for over 600k people to see This comment section is full of butthurt car drivers that get consistently called out for breaking the law that protects cyclists. She was wrong, not the cyclist. It was your fault 2:36 you blocked the way of her lady.... """"COJONES"""" JUICE is what cyclists drink. if u look closely she steps back I’m not sure why I think you can sue if u get hurt Falcon Punch!!!!!! Deserved that misogynistic fucktard right Some people are so autistic don’t stop in the road 😂 everyone ran the light The woman just stood there and didn’t move sooo I like how chill you are able everything despite all the shit you deal with on the bicycle. Subbed. 2:17 pedestrian lights are still red the pedestrian and biker were at fault.
the pedestrian was jaywalking, and even stopped walking as the biker approached her
the biker didn't slow down, even though when he crossed the intersection, the light was yellow Here in Australia cars or cyclists cannot run orange lights. It's treated same as a red light. Bicycle punk needs a beating. who's fault was that ? Why the fuck did she back off? Cyclist had the right of way. The hand was stop when she was in the intersection, which means she crossed during the countdown, which means do not cross, but continue if you are already in the crosswalk. She’s in the wrong. If only there was a way for pedestrians to know when it was safe to cross the intersection... """"Cojones juice"""" Are you fucking kidding me? You and the other cyclist did actually run the light as it was yellow before you entered the intersection and turned red when you were in the middle of the intersection. However, that pedestrian had no right of way to be that crosswalk at that moment. Light or no light you cant fun into a pedestrian dude was flat out wrong he had time to move but thought he should not have to. Cyclist are so full of them selfs The cyclist and the pedestrian were both at fault. This is easy cycling compared with London. Why did that girl even stop? She stop then walked back I can actually relate to the first one.... I was doing a youth race up in scotland and i was in the lead with 2 other girls. A pedestrian stepped out of their phone, no one held them back and the bell clearly sounded. I was sprinting because it was a sprinting lap and i couldn't swerve in time, i ran into him and actually ended up breaking his arm and i broke my collarbone. Even though i was 13, i had a huge rant at him. I ended up with a DNF. 1:45 SO TAKEEE MEEE OOOOUT Ouch that got to hurt Everyone was stupid in this video Why did she walk backward into the cyclist?? Did anybody else see that? 5:18I haven't heard that song in forever. Carolina liar - I'm not over :D People need to practice emergency stops! 2:15 can clearly see will have problem on the way its time to slow down They stopped dead in the middle of where he was going I would of been so pissed omfg Please don't tell me someone called 911 for that lady, she was fine. Idk why but that looks like it was on purpose, the lady I mean. Like she just random stopped, and stepped back. Cyclists are so gay You don't walk or stand on the bike path, (not saying she was) but the light was yellow or green or whatever it was, and they shouldn't have walked in the cross wall if it was not safe. “We’ll keep that between us” Goes ahead and posts on YouTube You do realise that the police and whoever the video is sent to get to see the first part of that Never mined the light  he was out of it Penalty,  red card hahaha Whenever you are going to cross the road, you never ever hesitate. Drivers almost always adjust his speed to  your crossing speed. If you hesitate by even a second, that would drastically put you and the driver in danger's way. The woman should've not stopped when crossing. The man should've slowed down when he was crossing a pedestrian lane even though he had the green. There's alot of idiots crossing that lane and even though they are wrong they will point out that they are on the pedestrian lane, thus making an infinite loop of argument. To me everybody in this story is faulty;  the cyclist for not stopping with a yellow light (he had enough time) or before the footpath and the pedestrian to walk through with a light that was still red, none of them wanted to stop in the end, then crash... It is just a common mistake to think that the others will let you pass, because you're faster, or because being a pedetrian, you """"should"""" have priority ... I'm a cyclist, and in this case I think I would have stopped, not at the light, but right before the pedestrian, this was too risky as they were a few walking in both directions...
Maybe legally speaking the cyclist had the right to pass, and the pedestrians should have been still on the sidewalk, but it doesn't mean you have to leave your common sense at home... 
After stopping in front of  pedestrians that do not care about traffic rules, I usually tell them their light is red, and they shouldn't be here, period. When I can see them and anticipate,  I shout, then I always stop.
In this case it is true that the pedestrian didn't give a shit about bike lane or cyclist, she was just caring about the car coming in the opposite direction... then... bang ! is this is NYC? you should have stopped... you had enough time the woman thing in the beginning: just don't. Good music choice. New York seems to be filled with a bunch of douche bags! With no regard to others. Why was that cyclist smacking cars fuck out of here. Glad they have their own lane in CA. Granted the pedestrian shouldn't have been on the street he clearly had to have seen her, seeing as he was only looking forward. How was he not able to avoid the accident. He didn't even bother to turn or slow down from what I saw. She on the other hand was caught off guard so I understand her hesitation Hope next time she'll watch out before crossing the road Doesn’t matter if the pedestrian is at fault or not, you don’t just ram into people while driving a car or a bike, as a motorist or cyclist you always have to be in full control of your vehicle. In this case, the cyclist clearly has more than enough distance to slow down, at least slow down a bit when he is approaching a crowd of people but instead he speeds up, a bit of common sense would help, especially that lady is pretty old too, you might just take away a life cause your inadequate cycling skill. Seems like he had ample time to stop..... yes she shouldn’t be there but damn... he was trying to teach her a lesson. Lol the taxi drivers arguing at the end She just stood there and backed into the biker 😂😂😂 Cyclists wanna act like cars but don't think some rules apply to them. Why would you not slow down when you see people crossing, dumbass. Cyclist going on Yellow Light are dicks and should be fined a good amount of money. I am a cyclist in a very busy city as New York and I don’t think it’s very smart to go across a yellow light. Asian women are not only bad drivers, but also bad pedestrians... She was walking and just stopped, didn't even try to get out the way. The woman just stood there like a stunned fish It looks like that pedestrian purposely got in the way because you see her take a step back into the bike The asian lady didn’t have the walk light yet it was still the red hand that signals not to lmao what's this kwebbelkop opening, fucking hit by a cyclist and than the happy music xD this is the content I want. cojones juice lmaaaaooooo Light or not, if she would have kept walking she wouldn't have got fucking hit. Do you see how she started walking up to the white line and then started backing up to the line behind her and then got hit. Come on people use your eyes. Man cycling looks fun yet i cant even drive a 2 wheel bicycle You should come to the Netherlands, you will be treated like kings when you're on a bicycle. Well... It's her fault, 2:14 for the bois Wtf are you fookin blind you can't just stop you drive fast Crossing when the red man is flashing is a cock up! I like that view of the city. someday i will riding on that city 😂. Bad english I loved that pauses 😹 Damm cyclists,dont pay road tax or insurance, pain in the ass The bikers could clearly see people crossing in the intersection even if they weren’t supposed to. So why would you enter into that intersection at full speed instead of slowing down to avoid something like this. If you were in a car and saw pedestrians crossing (even if they weren’t supposed to) you wouldn’t drive full speed into them. You’d slow way down. Why is that hard for cyclists? Also the lady should have looked both ways before stepping into the street. So both parties are at fault here. lol ass dropped Since I'm just a teenge boy I would just get on my bike after I crash into someone and gtfot It's time to let 'diversity™' be someone else's strength. That was intentional. Good thing you have a camera. That’s the kids fault Stupid cyclist 1:37 song name is Franz Ferdinand – Take Me Out (Screams) She just stood there 😂 So you walk when your pedestrian light is red and don't look for oncoming traffic and then just freeze when you do see something coming towards you? Jeez I'm glad this lady wasn't behind a fucking wheel. Why would you just stand there Okay, that person obviously shouldn't have walked when it was a red light for them. However that cyclist was looking right at him/her and didn't bother to brake until the last second before smashing into them. I know how bloody frustrating when pedestrians just walk right out into the bike lane or street without looking first, but jesus. Stupid people why would she pause in a road but then I did get hit by a bike Why did the woman walk backwards though? She should of keep walking 🚶 if she did she would get ran over Booomm This doesn't suprise me. They don't pay attention while driving so it figures they won't pay attention while walking. Maybe if she opened her eyes. Fucking go help them... How stupid people are to wach out bikers She walk back. Her problem 2:46 Green man and red light. Who was actually in the wrong ?? Dumb bitch just stood there in the crosswalk watching the cyclist come straight at her. She deserved it I hope that lady was okay, but she should have know better than to cross on a red.  The cyclists still had the right of way. It was the lady fault .... she still had red for her .... the bicyclist did nothing wrong light was yellow, he had MORE than enough room to safely stop, which is by law, what you are SUPPOSED to do, cyclists RARELY obey RED lights, let alone these yellow ones, sure, the person who walked slightly early is also slightly in the wrong, but not as culpable as the bike rider in this instance. had the cyclist followed the law there would be no injuries, they CLEARLY had more than enough room to SAFELY stop before the lights. What city is this and what do their traffic engineers smoke placing shared lane markings and bike lanes 
in the door zone? 1. Who just stops in the middle of the streets 
2. How did you not see him, like he was a good ways away where you couldve been aware of his presence 
3. How do you not even try to move Take me on 😂😂😂 2:17 thank me later the pedestrian was walking the red light. Not the cyclists fault Not that she deserves getting hit by any means, but she really  wasn't paying attention so it was really her own fault MIDWOOD HIGH SCHOOL Did the pedestrian back up????? Song at 1:40? Don’t worry, it’s not your fault! It’s the people that can clearly read that its a bike lane, but ignores it. 😗 1.i wish I was riding bikes downtown on a nice day  2.she had a family damn it-Jim Ross I just wanna know why always calling the police? That women had more than enough time to get put of the way, even if she is elderly The lady didn’t even move she stopped then looked at him 交通がめちゃくちゃだけどどこの国？w 0:02 周り見ろクソガキ K.O. 0:23 take on me Stupid cyclists The singular is """"phenomenon"""", Eugene. Wow cyclists really are dickheads the world over at least go back instead of just standing there it wasn’t the bikers fault, you can clearly see the woman walking and then stopping and backing up. he probably thought she was going to cross but instead she stopped. “Cojones” juice just sounds like a weird name for semen 2 wheeled road lice. They should make it a legal requirement that you have some form of insurance Yea there was no walking light on that were he hit the lady Running red light stupid.hitting someone head on speeding while having clear view of them ,plane retarded Why did she walk right into it though It was her own fault she got hit because she did stop right infront of him BROOKLYN MY CITY!!! it doesn't matter if the pedestrian light says stop or go. if cyclist want a part of the road and want to be treated like cars they should act like them and yield to all pedestrians """"We'll keep that between us""""
Spreads it all over YouTube cojones for some latin american countries means balls😂😂😂 (aka testicles) this video is shit! Why wouldn’t the bike guy move like she was clearly right in front of him he could have turned.i swear people are idiots Lmao why did the lady literally stand in place tf. Cross the damn street and look both ways before doing so. God people are so dumb sometimes. I always watch motorcycle videos of like the squad and they have like a cool feeling to them. I feel like that’s you even though you’re a cyclist. the pedestrian just stood there like an idiot and the cyclist ran a red light when they shouldve just stopped. never a good outcome That stupid lady was standing in the middle of the fucking road!!! Right before the lady got hit all I could think of was """"please just fucking stand there"""" Her own fault for standing in the bike lane and not deciding to fuckin' walk across. Those are the people i hate. People that can't decide when to go across, etc. It's the fucking cyclist's fault it was a crossing for pedestrians so fuck u 🖕🏽 If cycling was a video game NYC would be the final stage, degree of difficulty: Expert Yeeah u guys went in on a yellow That guy is scum for saying what he said about fucking with people who the Fuck here knows how to read a traffic light yellow dose not mean go faster it means stop if safe to do so they had heaps of time to stop and its not like their wasn't any warning like she walked out from behind a car their was heeps of people crossing the road No wonder, she is Asian. Ofc she doesn’t know. She is used to crossing dangerous rodes but not get hit by some cyclist. Looks like she wanted to get hit. Stepping back as if to avoid traffic but not bothering to actually look and braced for impact way before contact. And that’s why you look both ways before crossing a street children Not a """"late"""" yellow.  It turned yellow before you even got past the last building before street.  Yellow is a warning to slow down and prepare to stop.  Not a speed up or keep going light. To everyone saying New York is trash...this whole world is trash in its own way. But if you still feel that way about ny then come to queens. It's peaceful there and nothing bad ever happens Not even 5 seconds and you can see that the cyclist had plenty of time to react but he just kept on going. Stupid woman That is why you wait to cross the street until you have the light, dumb woman should have gotten out of the way not just stop in the road One time I was in front of Walmart going slow down a slope and someone decides to stop and watch me and I had to turn super quick and broke their ankle with my wheel.... I had to skrt out that hoe Stupid ass bitch not a very good video, shows you riding on pdestrianised walk ways, speeding at road alteration barriers warning you of the work going on yet you continued at speed through them,  also complaining about cop cars well what if they investigating a robbery of a cyclist ever thought of that? also you don't go  through lights on yellow you wait for the green light pain and simple, idiot drivers impatient to wait for traffic They are both at fault. Looks like an insurance scammer """"cojones juice"""" jajajaja Knob ok Fuck cyclists Doesn't acually happen until 2:18 fyi 1:43 Franz Ferdinand Lmao nyc pedestrians are VERY annoying. Lmao @ everyone who thinks that every New Yorker waits for the light to turn white. Where do y'all come from she just stopped in the middle of the road Move to Copenhagen or Amsterdam 2:28:  Where the bike hits the woman. First. The road is marked as a share road. This sign that has a bike with two ^ above it means bikes are treated like cars. Regardless of this marking the bike has to obey the rules of the road. The bike ran the red light intersection and hit woman in the crosswalk. Now the crosswalk has the do not walk sign up. Regardless, the bike is at fault here for running the red. Cojones juice? Ajajajaja I have been once hit by a bike. It was on The road that didnt had a crossroad so I looked on The left and then on The other side. I saw nothing so i Run and then i just got hit. It was on The hill road so The man was going fast and He can not stop. I knew it was kinda my fault. I have got broken arm and the man had broken two fingers. i felt so gilty Even tho I knew it was fault of both of us because He was riding fast( like 50-60, there was like 30) and I didnt look clearly right. Now Its 2 years After and I am still afraid of bikes and of The crossroads Lmao 😂 0:03 should have just waited You guys want to be treated like cars? Then follow the same fucking rules. You see pedestrians crossing (even if they don't have the right of way) you stop. Lets be honest in the time he prepared him self for that impact he couldve easily moved out the road Poor woman Yellow means slow down.  Dude in Pink just entered the intersection, back tire still on the near crosswalk when the light turned red.  Cameraman was still in crosswalk when it turned.  If they were in a car, they would be cited for running the red light.  People like this is why everyone else hates bicyclists. The walk signal turns green at the moment of impact. Which means two things. The bike entered the intersection after the yellow light was on & the pedestrian started to cross the road while it was red. I partly blame the bike but the pedestrian was completely doing the wrong thing & shouldn't have been There! You riding your bicycle is not entertaining, check your ego. Bike should have insurance on the bikes and pay a $200 a year  fee To ride a bike’s in the city if cars  have to have insurance . Stupid ciclist A good reason why as a Ped, I never go on red even if there's no cars around cause there could be a chase scene going on in that direction or crossing. Stuff happens. However, it's the Pedestrians Fault. Why are you standing in the crosswalk and you don't have a green light, blocking the bike lane. Defend the cyclist no matter what. She fucking stopped in the middle of the road Runs into a pedestrian on a crosswalk!!!!...even before he entered the intersection, he could see pedestrians on the far crosswalk, but made no speed adjustment or any effort to avoid them. Biggest mistake he made was running the RED light!!!! Over here that would cost him some time in jail and a whole bunch of money. I shout """"rolling!"""" when going though yellows I'm am not ok with what you said at the beginning about woman! It was totally unacceptable and you could have just cut it out the video!  
Please take that to mind next time! 
Thank you Sucks to see people not keep their word. you all crossed on a red light. The GUI on the side is really cool person got hit on Greene and Vanderbilt Brooklyn New York Pedestrians are never at fault when in a  cross walk. Cyclists need to learn the rules of the road or take the bus. Just as that creepy kid said WHEN WILL YOU LEARN YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES She deserved it That victim was over reacting My dad won’t let me ride my bike on the road till I’m 18 and I’m currently 15 like tf Camera shows you are going 5 mph when you are walking Fully grown man wearing knee high pink socks 😂😂😂 That must have hurt. I HEARD TAKE ON ME AT THE BEGINNING Come to Amsterdam😂 Fuck its an asian.. poor person. when your a real man get a motorcycle and see that they get outta the way Why is it funny for me 😂 At 2:15 the bikes run a red light and at 2:18 the pedestrian light turns green, both in the wrong. Just for pedestrians maybe don’t stop in the middle of the road If that bike was a """"fixie"""" I would understand, but that guy had no excuse in slowing down Idk why but to me looking at it really hard it looked like the person actually stopped and took a few steps backwards they are supposed to stop for a zebra crossing. stupid cyclist. """"We will keep that between us"""" 429k people see it 4:15 I HAD THE LIGHT, RIGHT? ... 2:26 - RED LIGHT Why was the music so bad during this whole entire video? """"Garmin declined to help or offer a small discount."""" Gee, with videos like this I wonder why. Fucking awful video Look at the traffic light at the right. It was red when he entered the intersection. If it turn red when he was on it then its okay. Also they had a do not walk signal. Its both there fault. But if you can only pick one. Its the guy on the bike. Why because he is on a motor  vehicle/bike they have to yield to peds. Lets face it they might just run the red light anyways if they see its clear. Seeing how they are riding they just did run the light. Next time if you ride a bike make sure you look ahead and be safe. ‘We’ll keep that between us’ later posted on youtube No he went through a red light. And clearly saw people in the crosswalk. He didn't even slow down. Even if she was crossing on the red, you just don't say I'am in the right to bad for you. How blind does a cyclist need to be to hit a pedestrian in such a way Bro the first scene was the cyclists fult he want through a red light What an arsehole. Cyclist ran a red... Stupid lady -21ft elevation, damm, NYC is underground XD he entered on the yellow so he was still in the right of way. And the light was yellow 20 yards before the bikes they hit the intersection.  I say they deserved a ticket too. I see this all the time from both pedestrians and vehicles. When crossing an intersection of a two way street, they look to the right first, not once thinking that if something is going to hit me it's going to be from the left first. Your main concern should be to the left initially 🤐
      The cyclist was probably found at fault here, but still, as  a pedestrian and/or driver, right or wrong, i don't feel like getting drilled by a bike or car. Why did she stop in the middle of the road if there wasn't any cars Cyclists think that they are hot shit...... Who’s fault is it? you bloody cyclists you have just knocked a kiddy down on a pedestrian crossing and even then you are trying to avoid your responsibilities.. fucking arrogant cyclists!! Old ladies fault.
1) she walked on a red walk signal.
2) She didn't even check before she started j walking.
3) She started walking, then backed up into his path.

The cyclist had an orange light and would have been perfectly fine if the lady didn't suddenly back up into his path. 2:15 Wanker should have stopped . In England pedestrians have priority That old woman get f@ck 😂😂😂 I had a refrigerator jump out in front of me once. I avoided it OK. I'm not about to be outsmarted by a bloody fridge. To be fair to the cyclist she was hard to see in her bright pink top in broad day light. Why the would you bike through the tee light? Poor grandma thought she was safe. Stop being so aggressive!! Wtf...are you even his friend??,, why didnt you go there with him Does nobody notice that the pedestrian took 2 steps Backwards? Biker was trying a to squeak behind her and wasn't ready for the """"squirrel dance"""". He did cut it too close and left himself no out. Gotta assume the most illogical move can happen, every door can open, etc. Or just peel the speed back toride within your actual limits not what you see actual couriers or long time urban bikers do while yer out on the new, first time, break in ride of the sporty carbon road bikeya just bought. She couldnt wait few seconds Idiot kid Talk about tax fraud am I right I mean seriously. But you saw them coming it was obvious that she stopped That cyclist had his head down. This is why cyclists always run - when they hurt people they get sued and they often lack insurance. it might be because i live in naptown but I cross the road when there are no cars even though its jaywalking. I feel that group of pedestrians didnt see cars coming (and maybe not even the bikes) and they were soon to have a green light already so crossed. the  old woman who was hit didnt appear to look for cars but she probably assumed it was clear because the others started to walk. it isnt that big of a deal in my opinion jaywalking when there are no cars coming i think the cyclist had plenty of time to slow down or steer out of the way of an elderly woman 02:16 DOES A FUCKING RED TRAFFIC LIGHT MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU OR A PEDESTRIAN OR A POLICE OFFICER???????


STOP MEANS FUCKING STOP!!!!! He ended up getting a women after all Hate bicyclists Better a bike than a car she needs to look both ways That’s why you don’t jaywalk. Walking on a red hand is considered jaywalking. That’s why you don’t run red lights dipshits Sheesh. The op and the woman in pink should not have cycled across the crosswalk when the pedestrians were clearly crossing. I’m a Club cyclist. 0:38 FUNNY HOW STUPID PEOPLE ARE THINKING THAT ADRENALINE IS PRODUCED IN YOUR BALLS. U R ACTUALLY SECOND IDIOT IN MY CAREER AND I DID NOT REALIZE SOMEONE COULD BE THAT STUPID Ran the yellow light. Ped already in the crosswalk before signal. 50/50 at fault.   It's no wonder that drivers and peds have 0.0 respect for cyclists when they act like this and think the rules don't apply to them. F cyclists. He did try to avoid her going to the right and by the time he would've got there she should've been in the middle of the road, but the spastic backstepped right in front of him 'cause she noticed the goddamn huge red hand. Either stupid or suicidal.
Don't talk shit about the cyclist if you can't even notice that. 
Plus, once you go in with a yellow (which I've always been told it should be avoidable but not forbidden) you can't stop in the middle of the crossing, you're forced to go through so the other lanes can proceed smoothly. Fuck cyclists pause at 2:26, light is red, tit in pink top runs it! A thought...If I drove my car to work flat out, I would probably lose control at some point and kill someone. Why is it OK for (some) cyclist commuters to ride flat out? if they're on their limit they'll probably make a mistake at some point too. Some of these YouTube videos scare me to death, worrying about the pace these guys travel at in heavy traffic, especially in London, where it's a lot tighter. I am not sure but I think the lights turned from yellow to red so she has to stop that looks liek an insurance scam Why'd the dumb bitch stop Oof That is the women fault and why the hell she just standing there she know that there's a bike coming That lady is fucking stupid and didnt even look right and left..and she move back because she want to add more drama 'I wont post it online' 🤭 Looks like the black girl crossed and the other lady was gin to but saw the cyclist and came back, but then there was the cyclist in pink. Seems like it was her fault Nobody looks На нахуй! Не щелкай клювом на проезжей части. 1:21 """"We'll keep that between us."""" 





Hehe 0:43 No idiot """"bike feeling like a toy"""" means the seat fell of and the rider, in most cases Gay, is enjoying the seat post.
1:50 """"rough road condition"""" Seat post riders love that. But it's even better if you have advance warning so as to pick the roughest path.
2:20 Chickenshit way to cop a feel but it's the cities fault this happened. If the roads weren't in such disrepair (liberal government)
then the bi-cyclist wouldn't have been in a total state of ecstasy and could have avoided hitting the normal person. 
Moral of the story, people who ride bicycles on streets with cars for cars are to stupid to be ridding bikes at all. Its the stranger fault she was crossing the road normaly why did she come back backwords ? Even though the light was yellow, there plenty of time to stop as the bike weighs very little.  No excuse! Was that her blood @ 3:45 ??? God damn asian women can't even walk across the street right anymore, holy fuck. People are so fragile nowadays He had plenty of time to stop...cyclists fault If these cyclist degenerates spent more time observing the laws of the road & less time making controversial YouTube videos be less accidents. don't ride a racing bike at high speed in city traffic. that's just asking for trouble A car would have slowed down  and then stopped after seeing the person on the road  , a cyclist will think how can i avoid the obstacle with out slowing down, a pedestrian will think its just a bike Nahhh i think the pedestrian hit the cyclist road kill WOW wow wow wow woah screams IM SO SORRY!    best thing i seen all week, i know im evil. that pink cyclist needs to learn to use the front brake... lol it seems like pink attracts pink It was her fault Rodie cant break lmfaoooooo Wasnt it red for pedestrians? Pretty bad brakes Cyclists gotta stick together so they can lie on each others' behalf when injuring people or causing accidents. Go cyclists! in my city an old man was killed when he was knocked down by one of the Lycra Entitled riding through a crosswalk. A car driver would have have slowed down approaching the crosswalk. And just so you know, adrenaline is the opposite of cojones juice. If you've got a lot of cojones juice you don't get excited over something as pissy as a bike ride, believe me. Getting excited easily is not tough, in other words. Phenomena is the plural of phenomenon. So you would say, 'these phenomena' or 'this phenomenon'. Fuck cyclists ahaha This is why i cant stand the cyclist in the city, there always tring to be bold cursing a people hitting cars but act like pussies where there walking around on foot red light Was she just standing in the middle of the road bike riders are idiots they operate the easyist  form of transportation and still manage to run into people cars trees signs and anything that is in the area where they ride adult riders just as dumb as the seven yr. old that just got a bike 3:00 obvious insurance scam. The first part serve the old woman go back to that shithole somalia you fucking came from insurance fraud Been in New York for an hour, didn't know how quick to call a friend and haul ass outta town. I like this guy, ima subscribe Wankers 2:28 but why tf would you stop in the middle of the bike lane and not even look to your fucking left, how fucking hard it? That old lady was at fault for crossing on a red hand- cross illegally at your own risk and he never wore his pink lycra again.. 5:25 r/killthecameraman she was a insurance scammer 😂 only thing that pissed me off is that he parked the bike leaning on the car.... might have been a stressed situation for him but you still know intuitively not to do that :( Fuck her, she didn't belong in the crosswalk anyway. """"I ride a bike and crosswalks and stops don't apply to me because I'm a rich entitled sack of shit"""" sips kale smoothie as you can hear Lady Gaga blasting through earbuds dull The cyclist definitely should have slowed down or stopped but that pedestrian should have looked before crossing the road even if red Why did you ride on a pedestrian crossing?  Are you above the law? Fuck cyclists I would love to know how the case with the older woman ended up seems to be entirely the fault of the rider and I imagine he has no insurance I guess you do not know about this particular case but what happens in such cases? Will he be charged for medical care? Or beyond that? Is there any reference in the law to this? I'm not from the United States and I'd love to know how it works there Stupid bitch If you are not half way through the intersection before the light turns red you have gone through a red light. The cyclist is totally at fault. I suggest capital punishment. What is the name of the cam that he use please answer me Is it just me, or do others think ... ?

Either it's a road vehicle so you can't use it on a pedestrian crossing, or it's not so you can't us it on the road. Stupid chinese auntie walk like a boss then get hit by cyclist Oh shit Waddup, Congrats on 1K Likes and I'm your 1,000(1K) disliker That guy just ploughed to the old girl. If you gonna ride at speed you better have better reflexes than that! For everyone defending the pedestrian SHE was in the wrong SHE stepped out into the road with the sign saying not to cross and New York laws state that as long as you enter the intersection with the light being yellow even if it turns red mid way through it is perfectly legal. What a nice guy, stopping to give the biker a video because of that DAMN DUMBASS STUPID BLIND women A few riding tips I've learned: 1) don't talk to the potatos. 2) don't stop 3) don't look back Fucking guy mainly concerned that he had the right of way. Go fuck yourself pinky. The comments about women though... Fucking shame on thee. Lawsuits up the ass on this one. I'm a cyclist/motorist/pedestrian and he is at fault. 
I'll enlighten you. 
First he is wearing Rapha. 
Second he is wearing Pink Rapha. 
Third. He's wearing Rapha and has a ridiculously sized pack on. No serious cyclist wears a pack. Especially not  a duffle type. 
Fourth. He most likely thinks that disc brakes are more dangerous than sticking your arm inside bladed spokes. 
Fifth. He is a complete twat. The evidence is there. My unilateral though process has been brutally delivered. 
Sixth. He's a complete twat... today i had that experience i thought that my gear was low but it was not so i thought there is some problem but no i was pedaling so easily then usual...!! share your experience .. 1:40 take me out Why would she step back Fuckin asians You heard of motovlogs now get ready for Cyclist fucking stop at red lights n zebra croosing n follow the rules I feel bad knowing it was an older person Was defiantly the pedestrian's fault she was jay walking so I have zero sympathy for the stupid woman. i hate people walking in the biking area If u look closely at the pedestrian crossing sign u can clearly see its at red which means Don't Walk.so like its the lady's fault but the guy was also at fault for speeding up but again he didn't know which way the lady was going but then again he did speed up not knowing which way instead of slowing down but if the guy didn't speed up he would have had a chance of crashing into a car which would have been in his blind spot explaining why he wore bright pinkso he cars could clearly see him also realise he says it's his first time riding her/he(Refering to bike) meaning he hadn't fully grasp the full speed explaining why he sped up due to him overlooking the fact that the bike could not accelerate fast enough in a short period of time also to add the lady also stopped in the middle of you and that guy so the guy(In pink) did not have much time to think explaining the fact that right before crashing he twisted his handle bar BTW luv you vids

PS. Not trying to offend anyone I just accidentally overthink this situation Just because your a cyclist rules apply to you. Well, you wanted a woman and the universe provided. Astonishing stupidity on so many levels from so many parties. And yeah sure just put your fuck bike up against someones car, no problem. No respect. Enak bgt coy jalanan nya. Sepeda aja kyk nya leluasa amat disediain jalur sendiri No doubt about it. You tried to break the law of physics. Its like watching a motovlogger just on 0.25 I guess the red light doesn't apply to cyclist huh This is what happens when you don't lock up old people in nursing homes 😔 Whow. What a busy place. bunch of queers and steers FUCK I HATE CYCLISTS..JUST RUN EM OVER For those saying that the bike riders shouldn't have ran the yellow: there was no choice. Braking where they were when it turned yellow would have been a bad decision. Think about it as though you were in a car. You wouldn't choose to brake and skid just for a yellow; if you have the speed, you go through. Another shit trying to make excuses for going through a red light. I would have sworn at the cyclist or knocked off his helmet off and walk off but that chick is gonna sit there for greenbacks Even if he didn't have time to stop before the line after the orange light (which he did) and even if she was crossing on a pedestrian red light (which she was) he wasn't looking at the road ahead and hit someone who was barely even moving! He wasn't paying attention to where he was going!! Kids, animals and yes even adults do stupid things sometimes. It is the responsibility of anyone riding on the road to pay attention in case that happens. You can't always avoid it but you definitely can't if you aren't even looking while you navigate a junction... stupid woman should have been paying attention, yes but equally if not more so this is the cyclist's mistake. Boring beyond belief. Why bother putting this on YouTube? According to New York traffic law

Yellow indications: Traffic, except pedestrians, facing a steady circular yellow signal may enter the intersection; however, said traffic is thereby warned that the related green movement is being terminated or that a red indication will be exhibited immediately thereafter.



So does this mean even though the light was red before they were even halfway through the intersection they're still legal?


I mean, the light was yellow for three whole seconds before they crossed the stop line meaning it was turning red very very shortly. If it were me I would have stopped.....


No matter what the pedestrian crossed on a red hand. If someone is in the road they have priority so slow down and prepare to stop. Just riding in to someone is just disgraceful. Hope they got in trouble for that ... He didn't run the light at all, and she probably stopped in the crosswalk because she realized it wasn't green yet. However, he should have slowed down quite a bit when he saw there were several pedestrians on the crosswalk. He probably wanted to make a point to them that they shouldn't have been walking across the street, but look where that gets you... Quien le enseño a cruzar la calle a esta vieja pelotuda?. Jajajajajajajaja. Mortal Even if it was legal for the pedestrian to be crossing at that time, which it wasn't, why the fuck were they just standing in a crosswalk? That's a great way to piss people off and get hit at the same time. That pedestrian had it coming. Only gays ride bikes the cyclist was asleep? Cyclist are arrogant d-bags. Just looking at how the guy uploading this video is whining about Garmin not supporting his ass shows that cyclists are arrogant d-bags Eugene D, you are a stupid bystander you could of at least helped that poor woman. When you went to the scene you didn’t even comfort that poor woman, you immediately asked the other cyclist for his number. Wow. I'm glad that I live in CA. Lolz biker entered an intersection under yellow but did not clear it in yellow, pedestrian light turned white about half a second after she got hit. Both wrong let the courts figure it out The light turned red just as the cyclists entered the intersection. Slowed footage replay at 2:26. She’s trying to scam dis dude you she saw him coming and backed up into him i hate when pedestrians do that. like make a choice and fucking stick to it. that hesitation flip flop indecisive shit is not good for anyone. fucking commit gosh dammit. bicycles have breaks... I mean like why did she just stop there? Like c'mon, retarded? What did she expect? That the bike is a ghost and its gonna go through her? 
Wtf. 2.27 that light was red when that prick knocked the kid dowb At 2:13 you can clearly see the light turn yellow, with the cyclist at least 30 feet from the intersection, giving him plenty of time to stop before the crosswalk and avoid the whole incident.  The cyclist was 100% in the wrong. As a road user you should ALWAYS be vigilante.  Always have you're eyes on the road.  The streets are very dynamic and random and you should ALWAYS expect the unexpected.
Regardless if the cyclist had right of way or not, regardless if the pedestrian had right of way or not, this is 100% the riders fault.  He was 'staring' at his phone, or whatever the device is on his handlebars.  If his eye was on the road, this would never have happened.  If you need to take your eye off the road to look at a display, or whatever, take quick glances only, do not 'stare'. 15mph with clipless and rim brakes is totally not safe especially considering where y'all were when the light changed. But man how can you have the confidence to ride clipless and a s works bike in a city. Road biking is gay af get a mountain bike Hahah cojones juice. Good one if a car driver seen people on a crossing and still drove into them, who would be in the wrong, rules of the roads apply to all. A cyclist is at fault, because he should have slowed down at intersection and pedestrian crossing. In my opinion was the biker at fault, because he should have slowed down at an intersection and pedestrian crossing. It was a year ago :D Is it just me or he kept pedaling ? it might be recorded at a wierd angle maybe, but it really seams like he didn't even try to slow down. All that """"right to pass"""" discussion is worthless, in a dangerous situation you have to slow down, regrdless if you're trafic light is green, blue or a very bright pink. it's road safety 101. That is just my honest and polite point of view. When pink clashes They deserved to get hit anyways, shouldn't have been jaywalking. just becoze shes a vietcong lady doesnt give him the right to hit her bro She wanted to be like the fellow kneegrow j walking. But squinting didnt help her case at all. Should do more suicides on the court to get the speed and awareness up.  Then she'll be a top prospect in the NBA. The cyclist went through on yellow and the old lady shouldn't have been in the street in the first place. The crosswalk won't tell you to go instantly when the traffic light is red, it has buffer time to prevent things like this from happening. Sucks so see an old lady get dumpstered, but it's her fault at the end of the day. and you cyclists wonder why you are being hated by literally anyone? Take me oooooonnnnnn hey man what do u use to record and how do u put those elevation, speed and etc info on? the one in a vehicle, may it be a bicycle or a skateboard etc, has the responsibility to yield to pedestrians, remember you are the one wielding something heavy and dangerous, pedestrians are just flesh and blood... Nice reflex from the cyclist. Are you blind man? Gear and fancy bikes make you look cool but don't give you any skills or road awareness. I fucking HATE cyclists! Got em!  Don’t stand in the middle of the road! This is why I live in the country. cyclist should always look whats up ahead no excuses.looks like this guy was more worry on making it trough the light that he didn't see someone was on the cross walk drive defensive not offensive what camera is that? Typical cyclists blowing a red light and mowing over a pedestrian. yellow doesn't mean go faster .............you lose...when the judge sees this video. I hoped they sued the cyclist for 100k and won........ pedestrians have right of way at all times in the crosswalks bicyclist are suppose to follow the same rules motor vehicles follow.........and stop.......pedestrian can now sue the cyclist/s........... All those idiots started walking before the light turned green for them to go, before the light even turned red for the cyclists. Did nobody teach you to look both ways before crossing a street, especially when you’re trying to walk when it’s not your turn? 4:27 why is that cyclist resting his bike on some stranger's car? No wonder you guys get so much flack Whatever the rights and wrongs of the cyclist and pedestrian ... it was a pretty poor thing to do to just offer the video to the cyclist and not the pedestrian.   The """"ummm"""" comment at that time kinda implied """"well, maybe it'll get you off, maybe not"""" - but hey if it shows you were in the wrong you can just hide it.

Disappointing behaviour Eugene! By the time that rider had hit that girl the light was red. The cycle rider was crossing the intersection on a yellow Here's your dislike sir the dude has the same area code of his phone number. East bay 510 They had the yellow light, and it changed while they were already in the intersection. Cars fly through lights like that all the time. You people are aware that hitting the breaks that hard while going that fast can skid you out into oncoming traffic and even flip the entire bike, right? That pedestrian didn't look to see if the coast was clear (which is common sense) and just stood there like a deer in headlights when she should have waited for the walk light. Sure, bikers at fault for going too fast, but the pedestrian shouldn't have stopped like that in the crosswalk to begin with. 2:16 red light for both Normal people would slow down at a yellow light, and be prepared to stop. Normal people would see someone on a crossing and not run them over. Who gives a fuck if the light was only just yellow, the rider was a prick and trying to avoid responsibility exactly the kind of thing I'd expect. Bike at high speed, bike up speed allowed on street For all people debating about this, you can see at 2:33 and 2:34 the light is res for both pedestrian lines (top right).
So those cunts should have not crossed the road and the person that got hit didnt even look around before going Just stops in the middle of walking I'm surprised the biker didn't even have his hands ready to hit the brakes as he was blasting through that intersection with peds clearly before him. At least be ready to hit the brakes; doesn't slow you down and gives you an extra measure of safety. I'm a road biker and I've made plenty of mistakes, but when in doubt I'll always assume that the pedestrians take priority since they are the least protected; my speed endangers them, but their speed does not endanger me. Just common sense. These conflicts about who has the right of way will not be solved until dedicated bike-only streets are created in New York, London and elsewhere. We are mixing too many modes of transportation in very narrow highspeed corridors: buses, cars, taxis, motorcycles, bicycles, skateboarders and pedestrians. Clearly that does not make sense and is contrary to any basic understanding of how systems can work at their optimum efficiency. Once a major city starts creating bike-only routes, the advantages will become clear. Some might be skeptical about this, but we had the same skepticism regarding pedestrianized zones, and they have become so successful that most cities and medium sized towns across Europe have pedestrianized town centers. Transport modes need to be segregated to ensure safety and to increase efficiency and speed. Running a red light, you must be in the right Cyclist, reckless disregard. They think they're own the road. That loon in the pink getup just keeps pedaling like a moron, even though he has an OBVIOUS collision risk up ahead.
I don't care how """"technically"""" in the right he thinks he is; the fact is he is the biggest Fred I've seen on tape. pedestrians have right of way over bikes and cars, mind your surroundings and be prepared for anything. bicycles are like women, they need be kept clean and quiet and ridden hard! Why did she just stand there Why didn't you lend a hand...?? To busy trying to side with another cyclist - stuff the pedestrian. Not even a fixie and not even going that fast 3:44 I think it was blood OK so everyone is talking about the lights.  I really don't care about the lights.  What about common decency?  Did anyone see the cyclist even attempt to swerve? Perhaps if he hadn't been going so fast he would have been able to control his bike. That's why they're called BIKE lanes. Not sidewalks. :/ Lmfao get rid of the Carbon Fibre bike shit. Get a real Alloy bike about 29 lbs and then you would not be blasting by pedestrians. Fuckin weak ass bitches on carbon bikes. Pedal an alloy mofo. I RACE these mofos everyday with their dinky legs and blow them away on a bike that is 3 times heavier hahahahaha. The walk signle was at a stop not go fuck you asian insurance scammer Cyclists fault. Look at when the light when yellow. They had plenty of time to stop. 2:16 rough terrain ahead Something that really pisses me off about some cyclists..... Proping their bikes against my car. There was a perfectly good lamp post or better still ground to park it on! All it took was a minute amount of brain power to tell you you might scratch that car, but too many people only think of themselves! If that were my car I'd remove it! As for the law on pelican/zebra crossings in USA, I have no idea, but in UK if pedestrians Are in process of crossing, traffic, including cyclists must stop! """"feeling like a toy"""" aka travelling with a tailwind. The cyclist at 2:17 is totally incompetent. I've found it very rare to come across a totally-incompetent cyclist on a high-end road bike. MTBers on the road, sure, all kinds of worthless crap, but this at 2:17 is an uncommonly stupid cyclist. 1:50 indicating to lower the speed as i've got that question on Driving license test. Nice start to this video ===is it to gain respect for cyclists in general?   All road users must Drive/Ride with an intention of not running into any thing or anybody.   Or don't you care? Nice video. That guy is an ahole for hitting that lady. U gotta b able to see everything can't even drive a bike You have to be short of the normal number of neural connections to think it's o.k. to go charging ahead as long as the light is the right colour! What on earth did he think - that somehow, magically - because the light was the right colour - the pedestrian would disappear! New York ?  It reminds me of the anarchy of unintelligent masses riding scooters in crowded jakarta indonesia. I just cant imagine a sane intelligent person riding a bicycle like a chimpanzee in a crowded western civilized city. Are yo,all ny trickcyclists taking drugs or smoking some strange shit ? Its looks like she actually wanted to get hit When I was very young I was told to look both ways before crossing the street. The Biker was in the right. You clearly see they orange hand for her and yellow light for the bikers. """" yielding to every jaywalker or pedestrian is often not feasible.""""
Jaywalker? WTF are you on about? He had the right of way, you're required to yield by law. YES the cyclists went through on a yellow, but if you look at 2:17 the pedestrian is in the roadway while the crossing signal is showing a red hand. Legally she can't cross until her signal changes (NY Vehicle Code, Article 27, Section 1150). In SloMo this looks faked. It turns red the second he enters the intersection, yes, but the law states that if that happens, you have the right to finish going through the intersection. Why does it say that?? Because there is a delay between the lights switching. Her light to go shouldn't have been up yet, meaning she shouldn't have been standing in the road. The right of way being the cyclists. That being said, he should have tried to stop. He saw her and so did the guy filming and neither of them even tried to swerve. Kid was jaywalking...his own fault You blew through the pedestrian crossing too! If you're on the road, you obey road rules. You're just as guilty as the guy who hit the pedestrian. Toxic all around.  This is why I ride  MTB in my local area and avoid the roads as much as I can. What a fucking moron, did he not see the people at the crossing or was he just so arrogant he thought the rules didn't apply to him? Red sign... i wonder why that lady stop and back up few step then bike run into her i like serous dude cmom should move forward away from bike but never did
and that great ideas rec Light was yellow cross sign was not showing when she crossed and the worst you can do is back up really lady come on you can do better The lady should have never left so early . You can see that the guy hit her and then it turned into the cross sign thing. It's obvious  that the pedestrian  is at fault  you can see in the video  she took two steps  back Breakdown: pause at 2:25. rider already commited pass the stopping point when the light is yellow. pause at 2:28. you see the pedestrian stepping into the road at a not a good time to cross sign. She knew the risks of stepping into the road based on the clear sign and she ignored it. the cyclists didnt ignore any lights at all. This follows the category of her jaywalking the street... its an actual law. Cyclists are such human garbage, that piece of trash that hit the woman acting like he was the victim, trying to get everyone to rally, not to mention the camera man who backed him up. Look if you want to be in the road then you should be treated like a vehicle, if you were driving a car and hit that woman then you'd be going to jail. It's bullshit that cyclists demand to have all the benefits of the road but no responsibility whatsoever. None of them take any accountability for their actions, you shouldn't be blasting through a yellow light like that, it means slow, not that a cyclist would know, they still blast through red lights. Pink dude had a nice kit. Love the color choice rapha offers. It was an orange light when the pink cyclist went then it turned red just as he got to the zebra crossing (or whatever Americans call it) so I think he's fine Note to self, dont cycle in new york So oo about deleting it eh!😁😁 Who is guilty the kid that stopped or biker than ran a red light cant drive, cant walk the street. ugh both pedestrian and cyclist ran a red light Interesting view on New York and its people :) Thanks for the video That biker did 15 miles an hour, time for a speed limit for these guys. You cyclists are a bunch of queers with no respect for anyone but yourselves. EEEHHHHHHH!!!!!! Did she take legal action against him???? I hope not because this video could work against him. Cuz the light was red. He was at the crosswalk on yellow and as his front tire entered the intersection of the street, it turned red. It was his fault. Granted i wish he hit that stupid broad harder but the city isnt on our side which is why they keep adding bicycle laws. People need to pay attention and she wasnt. Cyclist ran an amber, pedestrians jumped the green light, BOTH at fault. ARE I SOME CICO SIT THERE AND WATCH A LADY DIEING AND THEN RIDE OF

U COMPLTE BITCH Most cyclists are rude and ignorant. One of them crashed into my dog on a public footpath they didnt even ring there bell to warn us Great footage - it is great to see the streets from a cyclists perspective. The cyclist dude that the person? kid? backed into, is lucky you have it on video.  Garmin make some strange decisions don't they? The crosswalk was showing the red hand, meaning she was jay walking through the crosswalk. the cyclist went through during a yellow, it turned red but he was already in it. The pedestrian stopped when the cyclists were going through, she might have realized she was illegally crossing a road, but thats what negligence is. Hopefully she was okay in the end, and i hope the courts solved this issue Dumb pink biker!!! Stupid lady stops in middle of the street geez Pink rider didn't have the skills to match his fancy bike An yet again another Clear Video Showing the Cyclist to be in the Wrong when hitting a Pedestrian in the Crosswalk as the Light is Clearly in the Red.
 As there was Plenty of Warning for the Change from Yellow to red.
 Another fine Example of How there is not Enough Punishment for Cyclists being in the Wrong with the attitude that is so common place with most Cyclists who do not Belong riding Bikes in any Form what so ever ! 2:39 pause and look at her face Thats why i hate road race biker idiots That light was red as you entered the intersection, great law abiding stuck up cyclists Dumbass roadies. Hitting pedestrians and talking about fucking their bikes. What assholes. When I was young, grown ups told me to look both ways before crossing the street. That pedestrian that got hit might of not paid attention to grown ups. That looks like a busy intersection. Pedestrians can prevent accidents also. I will say I feel bad for the lady, she probably just does what other young people do, so I feel bad. It's a NY habbit. Lmao. Goood!! Karma is a swift bitch. She deserved it At 2:15, you all had made the typical decision just to run a red light.  You had plenty heads up time when the light turned amber and you had time to stop.  So you the cyclists are at fault!  Cyclists:  The Good, The Bad and The Ugly! Is that his car he rested his bike on? No it fkyn is not. Cyclists have no fkyn respect for other road users end of. The cyclist and the boy pedestrian will both have learned from this all for some likely minor injuries, lost time, and an interesting story. Basically a win win. what a noob Pedestrian's fault. They walked in a red. How do you get all those numbers to show like speed, angle and other things and how do you monitor them? Reguardless of the light, you don't just stand in the middle of a crosswalk like a fucking dumbass, and look both ways while crossing too! Cyclist was wrong. Idiot! Lol no reflex...you should not do bike in the city if you cant change line...wtf Hey, the cyclist is at fault here. The light turns red as soon as he enters the intersection. I wouldn't say the bike feels like a toy. To me it feels like an extension not only of my body, but also my mind. I'm cranking balls to the wall in traffic slipping through gaps and cracks in an effortless flow. Beautiful! Better than any weed! 5:02 I fucking HATE assholes that do that! Makes me wanna just run their selfish asses off the road! pause at 2:17 and u see that she was crossing when she shouldn't Why is everyone jumping out into the road? Ah! The things I don't have to suffer The cyclist showed very POOR judgment. 15-16mph is pretty slow and he could have easily come to a stop. The visual cue is the pedestrian cross walk is a solid hand. There were also people already jumping the light and he could see that way before entering the intersection. He should have slowed down as a precaution..... but nope, he kept charging through. Look at his hand position before entering the intersection, he's not even on the brake levers (really bad form as defensive cyclist). I cycle almost everyday in the city; I ride 30 miles before the start of work. Too often cyclist do stupid things because they don't want to slow down or stop. Makes me cringe how many cyclist blow through red lights. I stop out of principle and respect for the road, regardless if there is traffic. As a driver, do you blow through red lights when there are no cars? 05:30 It's """"its"""", not """"it's""""! k Why did he walk backwards lol Both at fault Taxi driver: """"What do you want?""""
Me: """"For you to go back to Africa!""""

Here in the US, I had one of these African taxi drivers honking and passing me by speeding then crossing into the oncoming traffic lane. The bitch tried telling me shit like I shouldn't be on the road. Somehow this African foreigner thought she knew traffic laws better than me, when as a professional driver she actually should know them too. Anyway, I reported her ass to the licensing commission. Both parties at fault, he had the time to slow down, the yellow turned on when he was about 70 feet away yellow means prepare to stop or proceed with caution, he crossed with the whole 9 yards and stopped pedaling about 10ft away from her. She was on the crosswalk unsure if she could cross. Either case the pedestrians has the right of way because.. they could be blind, hearing impaired, lame etc. stupid Koreans!!! She deserved it. Road biking... well...road biking... maybe don't stand In the street. dumb bitch. yellows at least 20 feet to the intersection means stop.... Who stops in the path. The video is clear as day, the cyclist had the right away. The rule I heard from a police officer is that as long as you are 75% over the crosswalk before the light turns red you are fine. Pay attention to when the lady starts to walk or rather when they all start to walk, they couldn't wait 10 more seconds for when it was safe....... I thought the cyclist thought that she was moving along but instead she stopped All push bike riders have the same attitude bar a few The guy on pink shld have cycled faster and make tht lady deserve it =) It was her fault to jay walk 1 way or the other. It was clearly indicated moments before the crash tht it was red for the lady to even cross it lol. She deserve it 😇 Chinese lady getting smoked great, she shouldn't be walking fucking backwards, I would leave her right where she was. @2:13  The light switched from green to yellow, from the visuals from the video the cyclist had estimated 12-15 yards prior to reaching the first set of cross walk, and 5 seconds of video time before making contact with the walking pedestrian. Could a 240 I think NY laws differ from the rest of the country. Oregon and Washington pedestrian nearly always has the right of way. This was intent  incase a blind person enter a cross walk. Running a yellow when there are plenty of people are on the cross walk is debatable.  NY has odd rule so it depends on the traffic light..eg why ny has more people vs car accidents than the civilized world Ya I see lots of that when I used to ride in NYC...everyone sticks their head all the way out passed the parallel parked cars and doesn't think there's oncoming traffic... Yeah lean your bike on another person's property no problem! I'm sorry but people can't just stand out in the middle of the road like that... You gotta call the cops for hitting someone when you're riding a bike? What the hell... give way to pedestrians,  fool That city is so fucked, why live overthere if everybody only follow their own ego If th honda accord was a lamborgigni, do he put his bicycle on the side of the car? Selfish man ... Anyway, everybody have to lurn from this accident. Wtf they’re on the road follow the road rules you don’t go until they are fully off the crossing, stupid !! Just another average day in New York. Luckily it was the, presumably, lighter woman who hit him. Take care out there! Cyclists are cancer tell your friend not to drive a car, don't blame pedestrian intelligence while making excuses for your friends' faulty machine he took to the road nor his lack of ability to be observant approaching and whilst on an intersection, it is only you who should """"look both ways"""" the moment your eyes see the orange light that means slow down, the opposite of you can make it, proceed toward the intersection to cross The bike is good right? Hope that biker in the crosswalk has insurance. He's gonna need it. Never under take on a bike Like all these people , he shows great concern for his own skin , not the victim. Like all these people he shows great concern for his own skin not  the victim. So you are OPENLY MAKING FUN and MAKING GARMIN BAD, because you did not get a DISCOUNT, because you think you're all that? and a HUGE YOUTUBER? the days of great YouTubers are over, and you will never be one. what a bad person you are, to do this, and even put it in the video info, shame on you bro, and i seen in the list of videos your nr VID025, called jaywalkers made YOU SNAP? i now know i am right ALL ALONG. you have anger issues, bro. It was the cyclists fault. He should of seen them crossing and should have been slowing down. I'm a cyclist, that biker is at fault. He has absolutely terrible reaction speed and mental judgement Shes stupid af All that lady had to do was wait 10 seconds for the ped signal to change, she is so lucky that wasn't a car. Old bit I might be late to comment but to end the debate, whoever said sorry is at fault . This is both cyclists and pedestrians fault. Cyclist clearly ran a red light and the ped clearly walked on red. There is a short time overlap for a reason, that doesn't give reason for either to go. Everybody, let me clear all this up for you. The cyclist should have stopped at the yellow, PERIOD. If the cyclist chooses to dangerously proceed LOOK for pedestrians and prepare to STOP or SLOWDOWN. The cyclist was OBVIOUSLY at fault. What we have here are numerous angry and reckless bicycle riders with chips on their shoulders who take every opportunity to lash out at people in cars or pedestrians who impede their precious race through traffic. Bicyclists, I do not brake for you if you dangerously jut out in front of me, I'll carefully swerve to try to miss you but if you choose to challenge my car, my car will win. Enjoy your trips to the ER. Cool video nice to see how you survive cycling on the other side of the pond 😀 Fucking stupid video People need to open their eyes. In London people cross the road like nothing is going to hit them when next minute their a bike coming towards them and when I mean bike I mean motorbike that's how blind they are Taaaaake on meeeee Fucking hell look where you're going. To me it looked like she was trying to get hit I always say all  Rapha matching kit guys are the worst I'm a cyclist. The guy on the bike had time to stop but didn't want to. Should have slowed up and coasted at least. Everyone's in such a rush for no reason.  If I run through a stop sign or light I slow up and at least scan to MAKE SURE. Hmmm...tough one here, she was clearly jay walking, have started to cross before the lights changed, but he also clearly ran the red. The light was yellow as he approached but it turned red the moment he entered the intersection, so yes, he ran the red light. Both are at fault IMO. She walked back so her own fault Grandma's movement is unpredictable i ride a bike and this was hard to watch it made me cringe where is that area at 1:38? In most states if you are in the intersection when the light turns red then you are breaking the law. It doesn't matter if you enter when it was yellow. The lady had a red light. She began walking, then stopped, and even walked backwards. Not much he could have done about that 2:27 The cyclist on the wrong he disobeyed the Red light as most cyclists do!! I hope he goes to jail!! Was that cyclist using a exitway roadbike? The cyclist had more than enough time to brake, fucking dumbass. Was a red light and zebra crossing The way I see it if a pedestrian gets hit its their fault, even if they had right of way. When you cross you look twice... very simple concept, i don't understand how you can be so stupid to not know it. Seems like not everyone gets wiser with age Deer in headlights Even bigger tossers than those on a motorbike!!!!!! Well done... you morons drove through a yellow and were riding two up....  get a life.  Can't wait till you get smashed by a garbage truck Either way both share the responsibility to a degree, you can't blame one person, however if the bike were a train, it wouldn't be the trains fault...she gone!!! Cyclists slams into women Plays cheerful music Old Asien people are always standing in the middle of shit getting in the way, has anyone else noticed this? Right or not, when you see a lot of pedestrian.. slow your ass down!! It's common sense. If you watch closely the woman takes a step backwards into the cyclists direct path 
Attempted suicide maybe? He hit that women like a nuclear bomb..... get it. Ha When the light went yellow, the cyclist had 4 seconds to stop...easily done at his speed. Yellow means slow down and stop. The pedestrians shouldn't jaywalk. I always see peds doing this... starting to walk before their light changes to green. My boyfriend even does it... I keep telling him to WAIT FOR THE LIGHT TO CHANGE. Or else you will get hit, like these pedos did. Stop jumping the light, pedestrians. Wait your turn. You will suffer the most damage, so you must pay attention and follow the rules. leave those babies for the long stright bike trails get a mtb bike proper urban bike 

mtb with beach cruiser tires basically 

save those nice ass expesnive bikes i hate  with passion  for the smooth trails . @ 2:16 the light is red when the first bike entered the intersection. Everything that happened after that (that involved the bikes) is the fault of the bicyclists. When the light turned yellow the lead bike easily had enough time to stop. Just another bic comments give me cancer. the crossing for the pedestrians was red as well as the woman just stopping in the middle of the road. her fault. she didn't look both ways plus she stopped in the middle of the cross walk 2:37 ooF Please create a long video Only me that thought that the screen was freezing when actually he """" Pause"""" :P The light was red. go back and look. Why can't asians even walk according to traffic laws? Ride downhill, it'll feel like a toy everytime Must be hard cycling without brakes What camera do you use 2:18 thank me later -.- cojones means fuck XD in spanish Sucks to suck stupid lady If there's one thing I hate more than cyclists it's pedestrians Any other cyclist watching this thinking how the hell did he hit her. Usually its the ones that move erratically either forward or backwards... But standing still...that's the type of ped we love in close calls. 

He did say he was new to cycling tho so fair play. Serves her right! Turn your head left and right before crossing specially when you change ur mind and moon walk backwards Assuming this is in the states which it very well might not be idk, but in the states, if you cross the line where you normally stop before the light runs from yello2 to red then you are in the right.  The lady was clearly in the crosswalk trying to """"jump the gun"""", then it turned to walk right as he hit her. If you really think this is the cyclist fault you're out of your mind. Just because you're not on wheels doesn't mean you get to ignore the rules of the road. cyclists are scum the song says otherwise 2:12 Hope he got charged for running a red light I like ur vids keep it up! Bruh he could have easily swerved around People need to stop arguing. 
1) woman is old and probably didn't realise because other pedestrians were walking. 

2) the guy was in the right and he may of not seen the lady and was extremely sorry.

3) mistakes are made everyday thankfully no one was injured seriously, the woman is old and fragile and the guy was traveling at speed she probably was just bruised up, I hope the bikes ok . that person just stopped on the crossing and in the cycle lane so clearly its her own fault. I have never seen more stupid accident than that one. Like seriously how can you hit a person who is standing in the crosswalk like that. He had all the time in the world to stop that bike, but i guess his reaction time is just shit. This is why there should be some kind cycling license to prevent stupid riding like this. fucking asains happy she got hit just standing in the road that what the signs are for bitch crossing when there is a red hand showing In that instance is the pedestrians fault. No yield in controlled intersections. She had a hand, effectively.a red light. Cyclist was in the wrong the pedestrian was already on the crossing I like that you made them pauses as I was about to rewind and do the same thing. If it's a Chinese then idc better for her she is a nasty dog and cat and dolphin eater Volvo😍😍 Pedestrian has right of way regardless of lights if they have all ready started crossing brush up on your laws 1:44 Franz Ferdinand, great taste in music btw STOP FUCKING EXAGGERATING YOU GOT HIT BY A PETTLE BIKE BITCH AND WHY DID YPU STOP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CROSSWALK FUCKING BITCH Hate to say it as an avid cyclist but the rider is at fault here. Chinesse insurance scammer on the street... Poor bike FRANZ FERDINAND This is where the fun begins TAKEEE OOOON MEEEEE That happened to me once. I was cycling when someone tried to cross the little street, and she didn't see me, so we collided. The only people who like cyclists are cyclists Bikes have to stop for a rwd light just like cars. As a pedestrian I was hit by a cyclist from behind whilst walking on the sidewalk .pavement . he didn't even stop ! I Call insurance fraud like honestly he stoped on the cross walk like she was waiting for someone to hit her Whats the song? fucking idiot pedestrian walked right back into the track of the guy, stupid bitch deserved to be railed """"It was on Craigslist"""" ah so stolen Both are in the wrong the bicyclist  went through a very late to red light (however it is explained in the description that by NYC road rules they cleared that light) and the pedestrian failed to see that a) the crossing light was red and b) there was oncoming traffic both ways, he/she also stopped dead in their tracks not continuing forward or pursuing the safer option and moving back as fast as possible it seems the pedestrian did the most wrong by law here however i live in australia and im going by my law here so if its different in NYC I apologize YEEEEEET Slow MO pause...awesome.... """"we'll keep that between us!""""
*posts on youtube* lol :p The cyclist is at fault. The cyclist had plenty of time to yield to the pedestrians who were in a controlled crosswalk. A green light doesnt give you the right to run people down. If there was no light and pedestrians are waiting to cross, you as a motorist, must yield to them. There were clearly numerous pedestrians in the crosswalk and the biker had time to yield but he didnt. Completely his fault. I hope he gets sued and punished. Another ahole biker who doesnt obey simple traffic laws. you pass by the pod hotel they have a nice roof top bar https://youtu.be/sYWPHHo0fPU?t=316 Both parties are in the wrong Idc if she was crossing on a red. Pedestrians have priority and the doesn't even slow down. Like wtf was he  thinking ? Hi. Just want to ask what gear do you use for the video and data(speed, wind and stuff like that)? Nice videos by the way. that woman should of looked both ways. How can you miss a bright pink gay guy rip D.va's grandmom But is the bike okay ? The pedestrian was walking, they stopped and backed up on purpose You saw the yellow light you could have stopped That was hear fault she crossed on red when a cart gets into the bike lane it gets a kick or a broken side mirror She stood in the middle of the bike lane tf fucking new york dicks. he leaned his bike against someone's car The light turned red right after he entered the intersection(crossing the first pedestrian cross walk). That's textbook running a red light. You can also see bicyclists behind the camera guy(lead bicyclist) run the red light as a group. Why do bicyclists want everyone else to obey the laws but they think they are immune from the laws? Hypocritical assholes who slow down traffic. when you have time to react, and you don't, like this cyclist, then it is your fault. So what if someone crosses on red light, does that give you right to hit someone? Having the right of way does not in anyway justify riding into someone. The cyclist have had plenty of space to break. He didn't, despite there being a person in his path. Anyone who thinks this is pedestrians fault simply has no clue... Pedestrians are stupid, I ride my bike in Montreal and they are more dangerous than cars. Lmao old Asians not just bad at driving but walking too you only have 3k subscribers and you think a camera place is going to give you a discount. That description made my day because it is so stupid that someone thinks they will get a discount on a 3k sub channel. Well it's true once u go black u don't go back or this happens 2:27 Bicycle ran a red light, pedestrian was in crosswalk during red, both are at fault but I put more fault towards the bicyclist pedestrians all ways have the right of way. in a car on a bike dont matter. guy on the bike should have got a ticket same a he would if he hit her with a car. These cyclist are such asswipes. They think they really have something to prove inserting themselves in vehicular traffic. Trashed sworks why does the woman stop?? wtf I love the guys neon pink ridding kit! even the socks! It is not the bike riders fault it is hers the light was yellow and the sign to walk passed the road was red so it was all her fault he was in a bike lane like he needed to be Damn does he not know how to use brakes It's partly your fault. You made the situation too complex for her to respond properly. You were too focused on passing the two slower bicycles in front of you.The lady just wanted to give you sufficient space. The lady did not see the slower ones until it was too late and froze on the spot.

It does not matter even when she was walking on red street light. We are supposed to yield to pedestrians. Slow down for fuck's sake. The braking distance of a road bicycle is even longer than a car with the same speed. ¿Cojones juice? ¿Qué dices? jajaja quit sayin relax the pedestrian blindly started crossing on a red. there is no reason a pedestrian should even have a foot in the crosswalk when the light is still red She couldn't see cause he eyes were close or mabey she's Chinese fucking idiot pedal bikers ran the red. fucker. Fucking cyclists man.   Such douche bags. """"We'll keep that between us"""" My 2 cents, the cyclist was in the intersection on a yellow light never broke a single rule, the cyclist did what he could to stop (he hit the brakes I believe as he falls behind the camera) the ped just stood there like a stunned mullet and did nothing to avoid so my sympathy is for the cyclist The law states that you should stop at yellow light if you are able to do it safely. I'm surprised that the cyclist didn't see the pedestrian (who crossed at red light). The reason the guy didn't move was because he probably expected the cyclist to make a manveuver. Either to the left or right. But he didn't. Just went straight at him. In a situation like this where one is much faster than the other the responsibility is on the cyclist. What song is playing when he passes the cops ??? Trying to think what the name is What a wanker...  """"I had the light, right?""""...  does that somehow make it ok that you approached a bunch of pedestrians without caution?  Tried to thread the needle through them like a Class A fuckwit. dumb bitch It doesn't matter if the light is green for you as a cyclist or as a motorist. You yield to pedestrians. Share the road goes both ways, as does riding safely. This happened to me four months ago and I'm still unable to walk without two crutches. Dam I hate cyclists like you. All speed, danger, arrogance and disrespect. Wow he didn't clickbait :'v Stay safe on the roads everyone! Lady's fault but the cyclist could've easily avoided it. doesn't matter if """"had the light"""" you had time to stop and not hit the pedestrian they where in the road for some time. lol, ill look only to the right while in a crosswalk, and stop randomly.  for the win of course hey, cool video man =D ! Who's fault is it? I love ny but the people are so annoying sometimes 1:12 wtf is wrong with that guy? You know he gets no women lol what a fucktard. Better to be hit by a bike than a car. looks like driving bicycle in new york is pretty cancer why did she stop and walk backwards? Dang, why did you have to censor his number 2:17 the bike hits the women He thought she was going forward and she went backwards and don't know why he stayed so long fuck that Omg that poor lady!! Just watching your old videos back, lol quite entertaining when the women was on the street  the signal was still red showing the pedestrians not to walk. But the old asian lady also probably confused the cyclist in some ways moving back and fourth so... it's her fault! NY is a zoo. I drive Uber here and can't wait to move. 0:00 thank me later RKO cojones juice She walked when it was red for her.. She is at fault. hahah run these cyclists over lol What an idiot of a woman for stopping randomly in the street All bikers should be having insurance if they want to use the bike lanes, i repeat, Bike lanes 1:34 """"i delete it"""" I now give moment by moment accounts of important parts of the video with a time slot.

0:40 I only can feel """"COJONES JUICE"""" when I am stationary -  usually sitting down it expands my consciousness  and I feel weightless and 'light and airy' for a few seconds, you must be exceptional if you can feel it while riding a bike, I would have thought you would need to keep both of your hands on the bicycle steering wheel while you and it are in motion?

1:03 Typical Motor Scooter rider creates a new vehicle lane over one that does not exist - she needs bitch slapping for that its dangerous and ILLEGAL

 2:17 Pedestrian is in the WRONG crossing on a RED DON'T WALK sign to be where she is (2:15)  means she left the kerb BEFORE the Pedestrian Lights had changed to Green this can be seen at 2:16 (both pedestrian directional lights are RED) maybe the woman pedestrian has a possible 'mental condition as she seems to hesitate and dithers in the road looking like she is not quite sure what to do (maybe best for her only to be out with her carer present)

There is no need now to stop the video at critical points any longer I can set my Youtube web page  at 1080p or  (up to) 2160p (4K quality)  and can slow the video speed to 1/4 (impulse power) It allows everyone to see what really goes on it was not till 4:27 I realised the Pink Jersey cyclist is a male - how odd for a bloke to be wearing pink!!

You presented a good video but I think both you and the other cyclist were taking chances by NOT stopping  having entered the traffic light zone AFTER the light had turned Amber (at 2:13)  Had I been there I would liked to have bitch slapped both of you for what  I consider is unsafe cycling.  

Still you got a thumbs up and liked/subbed video is unbiased and just presents the facts don't very often see that. Good Job done roads are a lot more dangerous now than when I started cycling more than 60 years ago. Yes I am an old fart and tend to ride slow and have 250watt PAS on my MTB it helps keep me doing what I love (cycling) although now I am too old to experience much is the way of Adrenaline or """"CoJones Juice"""" regardless of whether I am cycling or sitting down :) why did she stop it was her fault stupid cyclists kitchener right? so from an objective point of view who did what wrong and what couldve been done starting from the yellow light coming up.

cyclist:
its not clear whether or not he noticed the yellow light when it first came up so this could be something he did wrong.
he couldve probably stopped (although its not apparent how powerful his brakes are and whether or not he would unless you know the specifics of his bike.
his back tire was on the crosswalk as the light turned red, not sure if this is illegal but it makes sense to go forward through a red light and clear it rather than stop halfway through the intersection at that point and the backup.
now heres where shit gets real.
its very clear that he reacted quickly as soon as she stopped in the street and braked within a pretty fair time, he couldve went left or right but in his defense he couldve hit the black man standing to the right if he proceeded or one of his friends if he went left since he doesnt know their position (he could also end up hitting the lady if she continued) essentially its a guessing game at this point.
in this case he did indeed TRY to pass her on the right (im unsure of whether or not he didnt turn enough or he couldnt because of his tire skidding) in this instance its not really possible to determine whether or not he shouldve braked to have more time to turn or make a sharper more precise turn at full speed (probably the former due to decrease in injury potential while doing so).

pedestrian:
as the yellow light comes up she is already in the crosswalk (albeit very close to the sidewalk) not sure if this is legal or not.
looking at the hat/hair you can pretty easily tell that she was looking the same direction as the cyclists by time she reached the car (didnt look both ways) and continued to jaywalk without looking torwards the cyclists (and potential cars).
again right before she stops she looks the same direction as the cyclists (why would you do this) the proceeds to stop, in the middle of a traffic lane, during a period of time where it IS ILLEGAL to be crossing (maybe she realized she was jaywalking and decided to wait in the lane until it was white).
she then proceeds to get hit and fall down as soon as the signal turns white (ironic lol).

the entire situation couldve been avoided by the cyclist potentially stopping (if he could) the secondary avoidance couldve been turning away from her, but taking into account human reaction time, his speed, and the fact that he did in fact try to avoid her this probably wasnt very feasible.
the cyclist was in the wrong for crossing the street at the wrong time, however the accident was put in place because she wasnt where she was supposed to be at this time and was clearly unaware of anything going on around her, in addition to this that suv stopped to the right couldve decided to turn right and she wouldve been dead in its path at that point and the driver for that suv wouldve been legally exiting the intersection.
in conclusion the cyclist although running a yellow light did try to avoid the collision, while she stood there not watching where she was going and putting her self in danger while being negligent, i honestly wouldnt be surprised if shes trying to commit insurance fraud by doing this given that she almost looks as if she is trying to cause an accident after looking over it in slow motion several times. good job you can't afford a car, you'd be even more dangerous he was at full brake lock, tires skidding. Why are bitching about Garmin not giving a discount on a camera. Why should they. I use my stereo all the time, and sometimes people ask me about it. This doesn't mean Yamaha should give me a discount. If everyone on youtube got a discount on their equipment, these companies would not make money. instead sayin woman , say make love to avoid femminist pukes on your comments section RKO FROM OUTA NO WHERE The cyclist ran the red light but also the clueless Asian shouldn't have been in the crosswalk. Cyclists need to keep their nose out of others business. If others are arguing, let them get on with it and leave it alone. I see too many cyclists butting in. I'm a cyclist myself, if there's a bit of road rage going with others I don't get involved. Why should Garmin give u some discount? Ur style of riding isn´t very after the book what i prefer for myself as well. But if someone sponsors you a product, u represent them in some way and Gramin doesn´t wan´t to be connected to fast riding in the streets while listening to music (guessing?!). As i said, i like ur style of riding because i do it as well ! All i see here is a wanker cyclist head down injuring an innocent person. the camera twat not even going to check or ask if the person hit was ok then the same camera twat sticking up for the wanker who hit the person by getting gis details etc but not even speakung to the hit person. all of ya cyclists fucking scumbags what kinda dumbass move did that lady make lmao I see cyclist being in a wrong for two reasons. 1st - running into the crossing with pedestrians, no matter what the light is. 2nd - wearing pink Rapha kit. Even I can see that the cyclist still had the right of way and clearly the traffic light was still yellow. In that case, the pedestrian indicator was still red and crossed the road without looking. It looks to me the person crossing illegally is a scam artist.
That's why it's good to have a head/dash cam for evidence. Blind as bats ( Both of them ) :)) Happened to me but i hit 30 yo blonde woman... I was going 15km/h and she just walked in front of me. She was walking towards road and saw me comming but she went for it.. Got my self all fucked up and almost broke my nose. She is fine tho, people got around me to help and she just went away from place of crash instantly.. Alright that was 100% the bikers fault, first off, all 3 of them went through on a yellow when they had plenty of time to stop, and second, instead of saying 'woah' 5 times, he could have easily moved and dodged the person walking. whether the light was green for the bike or not, we know peds do stupid shit. so that would have been avoided had the cyclist looked a bit further forward than his nose. didn't look like he was slowing down nor slamming on the breaks. Let me just say fuck the Asian folks good for that bitch, standing in the street for what? All these Chinese folks do is stare at you and smell like fish. And she looking the other way like the cars coming from that lane, I would've hit her a dipped. I only say this cause that's all they do phenomen*on She just paused Under vision zero the The cyclist is at fault regardless if the pedestrian was in the crosswalk because pedestrians have the right away it would be the same if a call is making a turn a right on red and hit the lady the driver of the car would be at fault for feeling to yield to the pedestrian . If the guy on the bike stoped for the yellow light like a car this wouldn't have happened Thanks for sharing this video Eugene D.
Well, if that incident was to happen in my country , the cyclist would be the one to be blamed as per my country's law..
(1)At around 2min14sec, we can clearly see that the cyclist was not slowing down despite the yellow signal """"this shows that you must slow  down as a red light will eventually appear obviously""""
(2) When he was in the middle of the intersection """"before the crossing"""", the fire did turn red meaning that he should have immediately stopped which proves that the cyclist was careless 
(3) While the women was on the crossing despite not being allowed, any vehicle including bicycles MUST let any pedestrian walk through the crossing as he or she has priority """"Note: there were  other  pedestrian as well while the traffics lights showed they were not allowed to cross""""
(4) As long as the crossing is not clear, any vehicle """"including bicycles"""" should let the pedestrian cross as the idea of PRUDENCE DRIVING prevails
(5) The woman """"pedestrian"""" seemed to be old implying that her reaction time would be low compared to the cyclist who seems way younger implying she panicked """"could not know whether to back or keep walking fast"""". In addition, i will reiterate that the cyclist should have either stopped or tried to avoid the collusion as well.
(6)At 2min17sec, we can clearly see that the cyclist realised """"cyclist: wow wow wow woah"""" that there was still someone straight in his way on the crossing which shows how careless the cyclist was and the incident was imminent judging the distance """"cyclist could not keep a distance from the crossing as he did not even slow down""""

Now, lets say if the traffic light was green for the cyclist while red for the pedestrian, would you kindly stop if she is in the middle of the road or keep going to hit her """"intentionally or unintentionally"""" taking the risk that the pedestrian might be badly hurt? You don't have to be a genius to answer this question, its just COMMON SENSE :) Both went for a rush, both were too stupid to react. But cyclist had his right of way, if you think I'm wrong go to 2:15, he already passed the traffic light line when the light was yellow, and I see some stupid people saying the light was red when he was crossing the intersection, so what? Rushing a yellow is not theoretically illegal,jwalking across the street when the pedestrian light is red is. Don't fucking come judge me for defending that reckless cyclist, he's not right, but the pedestrian is wrong , I don't give a fuck what happens to you when you are doing illegal moves in traffic, because you should give a fuck about your self and check your fucking surroundings before you j walking cross the street when the light for pedestrian is fucking red. (And if your that blind and couldn't tell the pedestrian light changed """"after"""" that woman is on the crosswalk and got hit, get your fucking eyes checked) amber/yellow means stop, green means you can procede if safe to do so. The law is pretty clear in both the UK and US. The incident is simply the rider and the cammer ignoring the law and the traffic signal which is there to see and putting vulnerable road users in harms way.
You knew the lights had being on green for a while and could possibly change, the rider who crshed into the kid was about 15metres away from the stop sign so at his speed plenty of time to brake. You the cammer had even more time and failed to brake so you had even less excuse not to do so.

ignorance of the law is no excuse whatsoever, offer up whatever you like but you're all in the wrong. 30+ years I've being a commuter/utility rider and I've never run into anyone or anything. Learn to respect your environment, the law and other road users!! should have gone to specsavers What the fuck is that. The old lady shouldnt have stopped in the middle of the zebra crossing , Shes such a douchebag. sorry lady I have a green light What I found amusing watching these bike videos is that when they're the ones hit they show up to show their fellow biker support by beings vocal if not loud but when they're the ones at fault they keep their distance and not get involved. Wow My grandma has a better reaction time than that cyclist, how about slowing down when you see people acting stupid in front of you. If you can prevent a crash, then prevent it, don't keep going just because you are in the right and to """"teach people a lesson"""" You all should have been good on that. He was way past the stop bar before it hit yellow. The pedestrian indicators were solid red hands. Cyclist had right of way. Ghee I hate bikers they shouldn't be allowed on the road. They think they deserve it but do they pay to be on the road? No they don't My new hero. Still late but I'm subbing. Can't believe that woman just stood in the bike lane totally unaware of what was about to happen. What bike was dude riding? Telling a taxi driver that you all are just trying to get to work.... I think he is there atm. the las day i was riding my bike in the bicicle ways then i seee a ladie thst almost run me over couse the fucking phone ha- hang on... do i hear The Hives? 2:52is the face of a scumbag who didnt even stop to check Old lady rammed by bike then the chill music starts playing 😂 Always look both ways, but if you're 'danger' crossing, at least clear the correct side at the right time. So for right laned traffic, look left first, left laned traffic look right. Lady looked right first and couldn't clear her view past the truck on other lane so didn't want to commit (hesitation and change of path always kills unless it's for absolute avoidance and if both avoid then tough luck). The cyclist however wasn't looking up until the lady was a few metres ahead, could and should have been avoided if cyclist was looking forward and like the POV here who slowed until his path was clear.

Both weren't paying care and attention, if the lady needs payment for injuries the cyclist should pay up though since you should be more aware when driving a potentially deadly vehicle imo. All cyclists did the old amber gamble too. That's how squirrels die. See incoming traffic and then freeze instead of move When blowing a yellow light in Prospect Heights while wearing a hideos pink/black outfit, you might want to give pedestrians right of way. Otherwise, when you hit someone on your bike, the cops will take one look at you and wonder what drug you're on. what is that song called that you can barely hear at 0:23 No matter how much right of way you have, if you end up hitting someone or being hit, it will basically ruin your day. In some places, like this area for example, you not only have to observe traffic lights and lanes, but also you must accommodate for pedestrians  who may step off or venture out against pedestrian signaling. The stagnant green/fresh yellow should have had the rider stopping at the intersection, or slowing down to accommodate the pedestrians. Speeding up to make the light is the worse choice, and as seen here, ends up with the worse outcome. the yellow light means stop if you can do so safely and not abruptly. they could have definitely stopped . they basically ran a red light. also the peds fault for j walking i wish he started the video before it turned yellow, he was farther behind probably when it did turned yellow ,he obviously went thru it late, he should have been at a stop already, since there's pedestrians in the way i would have slowed down to stop when it turned yellow, he obviously tried to time it believing the pedestrians would be across by then. I'm a little confused. I see a lot of vids where not just cyclists but motorists from all over the world don't seem to understand what a Zebra crossing is. It is for pedestrians. Yes, a little common sense on the pedestrian's side such as, look both ways but I've seen vids with pedestrians basically having to run just to try and get across safely.

Over here, if you hit someone on a pedestrian crossing, you are going to jail. It doesn't matter if the pedestrians didn't look as hard as they could have. 

Judging by your video, if that cyclist was over here, there wouldn't be any debate if he had the green or the yellow, he'd already be in the back of a cop car and she would be getting checked out and asked if she wanted to press charges. """"I contacted Garmin and politely asked for a discount on the camera, explaining I film and make short movies with viewers asking me what camera I use often. Garmin declined to help or offer a small discount."""" Only a cyclist, why are all cyclists so geeky, short tempered, petty and annoying. Why would you expect them to give you a discount, they made a price for everyone just pay it. You may have asked politely but now you put that which is rather bitchy and pathetic. """"I film and make short movies"""" you make videos with your video recorder well fuck I'd never have thought to do that with one. If you tell people what you use then that's on you, they don't ask or expect you to do anything. Wow I hope that cyclist is in jail. What was going on at 5:50 Walk your bike in a crosswalk budy Shame on the little fuck. For what it is worth, standard procedure for cities to time traffic lights only takes into account cars, not bikes.  In simple terms, the car would be assumed as going the speed limit.  Lights are timed so the yellow will let a car pass through the intersection before the light goes red.  

However, a bike is typically moving slower than a car and will often not get clear across before the light changes to red.  Some cities use an """"all red"""" (red for both directions) to help account for this problem.  

To me, it looked like the light turned yellow as the cyclists entered the intersection and they did not have time or room to stop.   Most states have laws that state if you enter the intersection legally, you are to proceed through.  I would fault the pedestrian. Anyone saying it was the cyclists fault you are stupid, end of story. laughs first cries later lmao.. I have a dead American made Jamis in my room right now. Feel bad I decided to choose gym after I got bored cycling trough the freeway every darn single day but it was worth it I was skinny but now strength improved mass gained I'm looking forward to get back riding! """"Great parking boys"""" oh you are one of those idiots. The light was yellow and most cars would've gone through but not if there were people crossing even if they were crossing against the light.   why would you just keep going you went on yellow, peds still red, ped who got hit went a step backward that is why they collided. Stop being so cheap and trying to shame Garmin (by putting it in description and title) just because they wouldn't give you a discount. That speaks volumes to the type of person you are. for some reason i was thinking insurance fraud. thank god it was an honest accident. hope she and the biker are ok. As a high mileage cyclist I blame the accident 100% on the bicycle rider.  Pedestrians always have the right of way even if they jump the gun on the traffic light.  Bad bit of riding.  Now that being said, if we wanted to talk a pure legal analysis of the crash the blame would likely be split between the cyclist and pedestrian.  I hold a cyclist up to a higher standard. Just saying that when I mountain bike my brakes are strong enough to not hit anyone. And in the city buying good brakes Is worth it Cyclist was certainly to blame.  The yellow light comes on at 2:13 and he's a good 30+ yards from the intersection at that point and he never attempts to slow down.  By the time he enters the actual intersection at 2:16 the light turns red,  and he is just entering the intersection at that point and the light has turned green for the cars already sitting at the intersection perpendicular to his route.  That is no different than an auto running a red light. He blew through a red light at speed without slowing down, and there were already multiple peds crossing in both directions directly in front of him when he entered the intersection, yet he never slowed until the crash was obvious.  His game plan was to blow through the ped crosswalk at speed despite there already being multiple people crossing before he even entered the intersection.  That's just flat out stupid and illegal. Pedestrian he hit was stupid as well.  Both were stupid and to blame.

And the asshat that filmed the whole thing was riding behind him so he was even more late in running that same red light.  These types of douche bag cyclists give other cyclist a bad name. Why are American drivers so shit?  It's like half of them move into bike lanes without checking mirrors etc.  Also you should slow down when there are people on the ped xing. kid is at fault.. its was red for him.... and he backed up without looking.... nice going for hitting him now he might do the right thing and look before crossing over :) Cyclist wankers!

Also, your little boo-hoo """"Garmin won't support my tiny channel"""" whining is pathetic. My problem with Peds on the street is this: You either get the one that sees you, and bolts across the road, or you get the one that sees you, and takes a step back, there is a 50/50 chance i predict he does the wrong thing, and I go slamming in to the idiot. you guys ran a red. your fault how was this the pedestrian  fault.  where  I live if there are people walking across a crossing vehicles are meant to stop.  if the l Iight is red you are meant to stop.  how are laws so different from country  to country That pedestrian would have been fine if she would have just committed to j-walking; but she instead backed up and stopped. Weird how people are only blaming the cyclist when the pedestrian crossing was red the entire time and only turned green once the woman was hit. You're blaming a cyclist for running yellow/red but completely forget the fact that the pedestrians had no right to cross at any point. THE STUPID BIKER ONLY HAS THE ROAD FOR HIS SELF STUPID FUCK! Cyclist clearly should have slowed down, how did he not see them walking? pedestrians should always have the right of way I thought riding in my city was rough. Fuck trying to navigate these lunatics squeezing through narrow streets. Normally, I have a LOT of sympathy for pedestrians who are hit while crossing pedestrian crossings, especially since my leg was broken by a hit-and-run driver.

But, for the love of God, she could at least LOOK to see if anyone is approaching before crossing the bloody street.

Either way, she lost all sympathy from me when she suddenly stopped and stepped BACKWARDS into the path of the cyclist. this is what it gets me sick of this people they fucking look the wrong way where they not supposed to it happens to me any ways listen how to place in the video the speed elevation grade and course window it looks nice He just stands there watching, hate them people. What camera are you using? I think the main issue here is pedestrians walking on the red hand. When they crossed the intersection, they were not obstructing cross traffic. They shouldn't enter so late especially since they are cyclists and sometimes bikes are slower than most cars I'd assume. However, the main issue here is most certainly that peds ignore the signals way to often. Yes, they might not have been entirely in the right with their actions, this accident would have been totally avoided if pedestrians would just follow those signals, or at least not be so stupid when they ignore them. Seriously, in all of these videos pedestrians are constantly crossing illegally, and they are totally oblivious to what is going on around them. In fact, if I looked around enough, I could probably find a few instances of them literally staring at their cellphones as they cross illegally. And that is FUCKING AMERICA, i NEVER want to live there. what a piece of shit country Someone's not obeying the law..... he was going to fast on that yellow light, it changed red as he entered the section. He was at fault , just because he ran the light. He should of slowed down on the yellow light, not speed up u can warn them with the grinding brakes for a second wtf Vision Zero, Peds have the right of way! Fuck Garmin get a GoPro! I hope this is not typical of your commute. I commute on bicycle everyday here in Denver and it's very pleasant. having to deal with everything in your video daily would drive me crazy. well she moved forward then backwards , what's the logic there pause at 2:13 - he had plenty of time to stop at then change to amber/orange/yellow light. pause at 2:17 - the ped crossing appears to be on red and so they should not have even been on the crossing. Morale of the story - everyones an idiot, keep your eyes open when crossing the road and be ready to stop if you are busting lights on a bike. At least no cars were running lights and the lady appears ok after hitting the tarmac pretty hard Only person i blame is a 40year old women  who doesnt know how  to cross a street. Why tf would u look the other way when nothing can hit you from there? I hate cyclists but she was stupid asf. Yall needa be on the sidewalk when there isnt no people. Safer to. Only you guys are the ones beloq the speed limit. Seen fucking cyclists on the 401 to smh. fking asian.. always the guys on racers who fuck up , moaning , crashing , all bad That city looks horrible, where's the trees? Those fumes must just sit there all day, grim. At the start of 2:13, you can see that the light turns yellow when the cyclist is in excess of 30m from intersection. As a matter of fact, the light turns red the moment he enters the intersection. The pedestrian lacked situational awareness, but so did the cyclist. I'm sure he wanted to whizz by her as close as possible to prove something, and ended up hitting someone's 70 year-old grandmother because of his ego. 

Total lack of humanity in the aftermath, all he cared about his whether he is going to have to be legally accountable. Cyclists like this need to ditch the egos and put safety first. I am an avid recreational driver who likes to hit the canyon backroads on weekends. Cyclists go there because there are no bike lanes and they like the thrill of sharing the road with others going much faster. As annoying as it is when they attempt to command the road going uphill (even when it's safe to pass), my responsibility as a driver is to not kill them, and have them go home safely to their families, so I wait until they deem it safe for me to pass (in spite of their lack of judgement).

If the cyclist in this video had the same amount of empathy and concern for others, he wouldn't have hit that woman. I know that you said in the description that the cyclist was distracted but at 2:14 you can see his hand move so that he ready to press the brakes. He thought the woman was going to keep on walking but she stopped and so he hit her. He was also in his cycle lane so he was following the rules and laws of the road. Here in Oz we have the same ... but we just call them """"roadkill""""... because eventually with the way they ride, they will be wow yeah... I get that toy feeling with the bike #ZeroSurvivalSkills both of them, imo the bike should have stopped, and brake sooner. It was yellow and that means clear the junction. New York is a horrible place. who gave that dude a bike? he clearly doesn't know how to use it! can't even swerve... he could've reacted in about six other ways, but instead he decided to just hit the old lady straight on! go and bike in long island or something cause nyc isn't for him... I can think of three laws the cyclist broke. He was totally at fault. look where you are going and turn accordingly. both her and the biker were at fault here. pair of cunts well keep it between us......and the 116033 viewers Cyclist entered on yellow = allowed (just, I think I would have been able to stop)

Pedestrian standing on crossing when red for the pedestrian = not allowed

That said, the cyclist should have been able to anticipate that and avoid it? Why would the lady start walking and then stop in the middle of the crosswalk? Also why would she start walking during a red light? The cyclist wasn't at fault because he was biking through a yellow light, which is completely legal. The moral of the story I guess is look where you are going. And that's why you don't run red lights. (or yellows) Bikes aren't exempt from the rules. The woman should have looked too, but cyclist is definitely at fault. 0 situational awareness. it looks if as the people in the crosswalk were actually jaywalking if you look at the cross indicator it was a solid red hand. The ped totally deserved it, it was clearly a red light for her. Hope the bike isn't damaged. red light a$$ hole! I  love your style of vlogs i subbed to your channel! could you help me out and subscribe to my channel! WWA It`s real cute to see how you (the uploader) ran the red light. Cojones juice Lmfao Cyclist broke the law by not stopping on the amber light, pedestrian broke law by crossing against lights = both fuckin idiots. why is he so pink Fuckin Asians don't give a shit. Bitch didn't even look both ways. Was just like ayyyye sidewalk He should have got up and left quick. Fuck those walkers i dont have time for them when im cycling. Fucking useless twat in pink Ever noticed you're not the only one on the road ? And you can't own it, it's not yours. Doesn't matter. Legally speaking, you hit a pedestrian, it's your fault 99.9% of the time. Why do you think the insurance scammers do it? People who cycle at dangerous speeds and rocket down the streets should be banned from the cities. Good city cycling entails an upright orientation and speeds that do not require the use of a helmet. Nobody cycles like that in Helsinki or especially Copenhagen. You stand back and do nothing for the victim and then go run and help the careless bike rider. Despicable. Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way. You guys were going WAY to fast. Slow down or go ride you kiddie toy elsewhere. Bikers fault that happened to me a few time, when it's about to happen I make sure I square up and run over that person with my shoulder.. I did it a few times it feels good, and I don't fall and they just fall, if you're not supposed to cross yet, and I'm about to fall because of you I'm make sure I do everything in my power to knock you out with my momentum lol it was so funny when that women got hit... lol she was not supposed to cross yet, next time she'll wait for the green walking sign serve her right.. so....what is this channel? seems like a good community, i'm just confused. i found this video while looking for info on london traffic for a geography project. defensive driving techniques not used by said cyclist. I have responded to way to many biker VS ped. calls, and if it was up to me, anything without a engine belongs on the sidewalk or trailheads! I mean in all fairness, bikers are the ones who brake the most rules of the road during rush-hour times. I hope the cyclist who hit the pedestrian was prosecuted. There is no excuse for people failing to stop for pedestrians in a crosswalk. This is especially true when we are on bicycles, since we can see so much more than we can when in a car. But actually, the person who videoed the incident violated the law as well and should have been fined. Hindsight is 20/20. The biker ran a red light! Simple! """"Garmin declined to help or offer a small discount.""""....... probably because you are an idiot...... I don't really like cyclists but the crossing thing was red. They were both in the wrong because he could have also slowed down. She didn't even have a walk sign until she was hit.. intro song lit Glad a cyclist who don't complain, some of the youtube videos are just whining and complaining everything that they see on the road. slow down and go around someone.  same thing happens whwn surfing.  also, going by parked cars that close is gotta be a crazy rush.  knowwing some door is gonna open in your path.  when i skate on a bike lane, i do it only on a chill road next to chill ppl that all use the dutch door open. he went into the intersection on yellow pedestrians fault he should be charged the same way a motorist would Sexist bullshit (jokes or not) MUST end! I LOVE the fact that you paused the video like every person watching YouTube would've done! You spared me the exhausting movement of my thumb, I LOVE IT! +like for you man!! Pedestrians always have the right of way it's your fault bicycles if you were a motor vehicle you would of ran her over and kill her fuck bicycles thinking they are like cars your not so stop thinking you are That's why you stop for the red light 2:06 OMG The Hives - Go right ahead, I am always excited when I hear someone else to listen same perfect Band. the bike feels like a toy? wait for the i am not feeling my bike anymore feeling :p when you just look where you want to go and you don't even have to think on how to go there, it just 'happens' The light hadn't turned red yet, so the pedestrians were technically wrong to cross, since their light hadn't turned green. The light was yellow long before the cyclists got up to the intersection, should have stopped for the yellow, cyclists are also technically in the wrong. Cyclists should have braked when they saw pedestrians in the way, so as not to run into them. In my opinion, the cyclists are further in the wrong, but really, everybody involved is at fault.

Edit: Going frame by frame and using their speed, they even have 60ft and about 2-2.5 seconds to react to the yellow light, and far longer to react to the pedestrians. Again, the pedestrians shouldn't have been there, but the cyclists also should have stopped or at least slowed down for them, if only because they're a road hazard. Even if your mindset is """"They're not supposed to be in the road, fuck 'em!"""", they're still an unpredictable road hazard that they had a hell of a long time to react to. For the cyclists' own safety they should have slowed down or stopped. yellow doesn't mean peddle faster...also its possible for both the pedestrian and the driver that hit her to be in the wrong at the same time. I should not have to clarify that.  For the record: the video shows them running a late yellow, it was red by the time they were half way through the intersection. is the cyclist blind or something jesus.. Looks like the cyclist ran a red to me. Even if it was green for them to walk across at the moment of impact. Still pedestrians fault as they wouldn't of even put one foot on the road. Pedestrians should be more aware. Their is a very well known saying, be an idiot, tough shit if you get hit. Regardless of the lights, if the cyclist had his head up he would have seen the ped. cyclist think he a car but didn't do his red light dum fuk I guess someone needs to practice his braking skills. That's why the bike lane is single file. This is why so many people hate bikers It is simple, the light was not red when the cyclists started to cross the intersection but the woman was already on the street although she was indicated to wait. The cyclist wanted to ride right of her, but in the very last moment she took a step back. Therefore it is her fault. the cyclist did not run a red, the light was yellow as his front wheel crossed into the intersection. Hence he was entering on a yellow light. 

There is no yellow light on the crosswalk, its either red or green. The ped was walking against a red signal. Look BEFORE you Leap. do not look AFTER you have leapt or wile your leaping, and then stop, or start walking backwards. That is how you cause accidents. If your gonna go then go but commit to it 100% He had the light, but that's irrelevant. He has plenty of time to see pedestrians in the walk and when possible (which it was) you always give way to pedestrians. It was pretty clear the rider hoped to have clearance to maintain the speed he was going, so he didn't bother to slow down/brake when approaching the pedestrians. Rider at fault on this one. uh hello the lady that got hit did not look at the light to cross and obviously went early, following a jaywalker. ladys fault. Light colour matters little, she was crossing in a marked X walk, cyclists fault.
Shitty situation. Had she kept walk8ng she would be fine, as a c6clist I knew what he was doing and would have zoomed right through but its when the pedestrian reacts that itcauses problems.
Still no excuse,its the riders fsult here. Is everyone fault she should not have stop camera men should have yield the guy on the bike should have move to the left. I love when the first video its from the thumbnail haha y did she back up to get hit you can see the people start to cross before he even got to the intersection. He didn't even attempt to reach for his brakes even when it was inevitable there would be a collision.  I can only assume that he didn't want to lose speed going up hill. You can't say he isn't to blame as he had plenty of time to slow down. If you're gonna be an idiot pedestrian illegally crossing a street, don't be surprised when some other idiot blatantly runs your ass over. Cyclist passed through the light on yellow which is acceptable, the pedestrian was crossing when the crossing light was red and not paying attention, In fact if you look in the vid you can see her looking to the right before she stepped out blindly following the others, then she just froze and from firsthand experience when youre riding that the last thing youd expect. Yes, perhap he could have slowed but at 17mph he's not exactly travelling fast and if it was a car that had hit her people wouldnt be blaming the driver. 1:41 Franz Ferdinand that's my shit Did you do a U turn without looking behind you ? Naughty . WHAT THE HELL are thees comments i don't care if they went through on a green or orange YOU GIVE WAY TO PEDESTRIANS you are on the road and like a car you give way to her AND she was on a zebra crossing as well And of course, it's an asian. He past on red light fucking hipster cyclists ... Stupid people saying its the lady's fault. The light was yellow, meaning prepare to stop. Cyclist could of avoided her, but tried to beat the light instead. Pathetic. They couldn't even clear the intersection before the light turned red. Wow sorry to say however the pink fool was at fault. His speed could of been a factor and perhaps he could of stopped with enough time, However he proceded to go thru a cautious yellow Light with little or no regard to pubic safety. Naw he was serious. Keep that between us.... and the world. 2:30 ... feel sorry for the poor lady. LOL, sorry I was expecting at (2:34) a voice over say """"It was at this moment the cyclist thought, HE FUCKED UP!!!"""" Minuto 5:00 I actually hit a highschool kid on broadway when it was a green for me but it was a red for him. No idea what he was doing but he looked like he was going forward so i went right to avoid him but stumbled and went backwards... So kinda similar to this incident. Even though I had the right of way, they said its by law to have a bicycle bell in NYC ( im a college freshman from SoCal and had no idea this was the case and i was on my race bike) and tried to put the blame on me. Fortunately nothing happened and kid just had a broken arm Doesn't matter whether it is a car, motorcycle, or bike you must always have control of your vehicle. Unless someone jumps, rides, or drives right in front of you; you should always allow for the stupidity of others. Two sayings from previous safety instructors seem appropriate: first, right of way should always be given not taken; and second, don't ride like they can't see you - ride like they are aiming for you. I forgot these one time and almost paid with my life. Stay safe however you get around! Well, I kinda feel bad for the woman, that sure must have hurt but otherwise... I cannot stand those people who walk first, look later and get in everyones way. And best of all she changes her mind in the middle of the road and stands right on the cycle path.
Yes, the cyclist could have been slower, but I thin the same thing could have happened to me. I try to anticipate what people do and stopping in the middle of the road, going back is not an option, because it is idiotic. When you go on the street you commit yourself to cross it. That is just horrible riding.  Never ever assume what a pedestrian till do. don't pedestrians have right of way on a crossing in America I applaud cyclists who obey the law but you guys need to recognize the fact that most cyclists in cities do not. And that's why people hate them. They run red lights, blow through crosswalks with pedestrians in them, ride on sidewalks and ride the wrong way up one-way streets. I love cyclists who obey traffic laws but the ones who don't...fuck you. I hope you die underneath a car, or a train, or a gas truck. Cyclists by law in this state are supposed to walk the bike across the intersection. Even tho that is a light right there and there was a pedestrian to be use when lights are on red to cross safely. The lady seems to have stopped in the middle of the lane and the cyclist thought she'd have crossed by the time he gets there. Oh well. the pedestrian light said to not walk, it was her fault she got hit, not him Looked clearly like the rider didn't give way to the person that was already on the crossing, game over for the cyclist me thinks, just sayin it's a big problem in China.old people manly looking for compo. pedestrians had red at the time of hit. That was a red light tho and also he had plenty of time to move out of the way of the old lady. Yes, the cyclist entered the intersection after their traffic signal only just went yellow.  However, considering their speed (~19mph with ~80ft before entering the intersection) the cyclist may have felt it too dangerous to stop that quickly, especially having other riders trailing behind them.  Had the pedestrian paid attention to the oncoming traffic on the roadway they were stepping onto, and waited for their light, the collision would never have happened. I was taught to look both ways before crossing the street. If she would have done that she would have seen the bikers coming and not got hit. The cam rider is at fault, she saw him coming and backed off not seeing the other rider. Cyclists should give way on crossings not blast through with obvious pedestrians. Press F to pay respects the cyclist is an idiot. why go that fast when the road obviously isn't clear? the light was red... theres nothing good to say about the ciclist right now, just insults and shit XD 3.50 you're riding away when you get an idea.. That wasn't your idea, but you did listen and make the decision to turn back. silly. yellow mean 'prepare to stop', not speed up to quickly make it through... 2:20 - yellow or not, she had red. these cyclist are soo rabid ...
they hit passengers in ped walk ...and they damage public property just coz peoples cars crossed over to their cycling line ..i wish they were run over why the fuck would you be sorry? the old fuck was crossing on a red light.Also if the bike got fucked I'd have broken that bitches face Yeh it was amber and zebra crossing was red. Conclusion pedestrians fault. The most stupid cyclist ever. 5:10 omg cycling is crazy.  all the cars go in the cycling lane anyway. cyclists should be made by law to have 3rd party insurance. I believe quite a few pedestrians are killed every year by cyclists. well it comes down to this, pedestrian crossing, Slow and stop... cyclist constantly ignore, stop, giveway, pedestrian points all the time. Yep the light was on orange but the fact is all of you cyclists were going to fast to stop in a situation like this...you are cycling at speeds in a built up area on roads dsigned for cars, with lots of parked traffic and then complain its not your fault....also SMART ARSE the cops were responding to an incident, they can park where they like...get a real life and job and concentrate on your own, leave the world to be policed by someone else. Peds have ultimate right of way. Cyc should have slowed regardless of her negligence. """"We'll keep that between us""""
-uploads to YouTube. Like a boss. Typical ignorant and dangerous cyclists. They endanger everyones lives with their lack of respect for basic road rules. Cyclists totally ignore red lights and stop signs, and they show zero regards for the safety of pedestrians. should be slowing down at pedestrian crossings! As cars do. Hahaha Ban cycling. They don't pay road taz the bike is  at folt he went through a yellow light are you speeding no intentions of stopping 2:25 lol asian's... THEY CANT DRIVE.. THEY CANT WALK THE PEDESTRIAN LANE why are you idiots not stopping when you can see their is someone on the zebra crossing ? 2:27 typical of cyclists like him dont want to slow down rather smash into someone instead. Lets be real here....people like you are the reason for the mass exodus from the tri state What the.... man.. the cyclist sees the guys walking across, doesnt mather who´s in their right, with a little bit of insight he would have lowered his speed.. The pedestrian is at fault.  The cyclist did not have time to stop when the light turned yellow, so he went through the intersection.  This was not only legal, but safe to go through the light.  The pedestrian was in the cross walk when the cross walk signal was a red hand.  Also, she began walking and then stopped.  This confused the cyclist so he couldn't swerve around her.  100% the pedestrians fault.  If this was a car, this would still be 100% the pedestrians fault. So when you are cycling in road where there is traffic lights YOU DON'T NEED TO OBEY THEM???? Just ride = red is just red , and don't apply bicycle's....right? Wrong:   https://www.dot.ny.gov/display/programs/bicycle/faq  Even I know the rules, and I live in different country far far away... Cyclists are amazing speedists Wow maniacs Why do bicycles not require insurance to be on the road ? I mean if they crash into my car who is going to pay for the repair of any dents scratches and blood to be cleaned off ? Seriously they are on the public highway they should have insurance, so should horse riders, skateboards etc. Like the way he stands his bike up against someone's car. Typical cyclist behavior, no concern for other people or their property. The pedestrian did the only right thing in this situation, stop n don't move, the ciclist have to learn how to go around in the last minute No guys really, i am okay... this old lady broke my fall. cringy american bikers lol You can kill someone with a bike and a bit of speed. In Barcelona there has been already some deaths by bikers hitting people. Even if you have the right of pass, it is common sense to break and avoid accidents... Let's see, I'm in a car and I see pedestrians in the road, I decide not to stop because I'm an arrogant believer in my right to the road and I plough into one. Oh yeah, I'm not in the right, I'm a cunt, and no I wasn't driving I was on a bike. Whatever happened to
""""Proceed with caution"""" and
""""Always be prepared to slow down or stop""""?
Selfish, oblivious cyclists as per usual! idiot cyclist didn't even look like he was attempting to slow down,  peddling right up to the pedestrian crossing...... idiot  says he is sorry too - claims fault...... Is """"cojones juice"""" what I think it is??? Thank you for exemplifying what a respectful and alert cyclist is. There are a lot of people who take the few bad examples and apply it to all cyclists. it's the same dumb logic people do for police, certain car drivers, motorcyclists, etc. people like you make it possible for those retards learn a thing or two. anywho thanks for sharing! In the slow mo you can see the ped backs up Found the ideal place to park a bike.. Why didn't the cyclist that hit the pedestrian at 2'17"""" have a bell or better still a HORN!!! Both to blame pedestrian for not taken due care DAWDLING. ( seemed to just stand there). DUHHHH!!!   in the road & the cyclist for not warning he was approaching. 0:18 Lol … funny how the lyrics matches the scene … woman's getting out of the car extra slowely, so the cyclist can't pass… She: Take on meee, take me ooon - he: I'll be goone!! - and rides away! anyone who thinks that the cyclist was at all in the right, your wrong, as approaching a zebra crossing or a marked pedestrian crossing a vehicle on the road must stop and wait until all pedestrians are off the crossing, if bikes want to ride on the road then they should follow road rules, be treated like cars, and have to pay to use the roads(but thats a different matter entirely) there is absolutely no dougbht that the cyclist was in the wrong, he/she should have stopped and waited on the other side of the intersection as to not block the intersection The pedestrians fault on the crossing! #Fact Did she step back into him? How do you get that telemetry in the video feed? On the bright side he was on a bike and not in a car so the pedestrian was able to get back up. Everytime I see a bad cyclist I think he can end up ruining someone's day, but a bad driver will likely kill someone. All those whining drivers and commentators conveniently miss this point. Little asian woman, doing a moonwalk and a bike hit her, poor.... This is a joke any Idiot can see there was a hazard ahead (i.e. Pedestrians on the crossing). This Idiot did nothing to prevent this from happening (using the breaks and slowing down). Got nothing to do who was right or wrong regarding lights. It has on the other hand everything to do with common curtesy. Someone was hurt because an idiot couldn't be bothered to be a responsible human being. I had an idea?! 
Why not ask if the person was ok that got hit? 
Instead you offered the idiot on the bike camera footage to protect him.
Typical cyclist crap ! Same here in London,
The roads are not just for you so you can pretend your part of the Tour de France! ayy he's got a 516 number the walker had a do not walk sign and the biker ran a red light...two idiots collide Garmin aren't going to fall for that one! Absolutely the same situation happened to me today but there were no traffic light
  just a zebra .I was the pedestrian .So i was about to cross the zebra all the cars stoped (quite tight car alley)and than i sow the cyclist , i tought that he will stop too but he didn't  .I  shoul have waited for him to stop or cross, before i cross the zebra but i didnt which is my fault and than he hit me  .He behaved like it was my fault (i was fine there was just i litle pain in the arm and i was going to school so i counteen walking )but is it mine or his or probably our? wtf she was doing in the middle of the road just standing still like my penis you either cross or not you don't stand in the middle it's not your fucking house did people walking have the white light to cross ? or was the lady j walking? seen cars to right stopped Why do cyclists, think every one else is so stupid ?  A cyclist runs into a pedestrian, in a cross walk, and try's to say it isn't there fault ?? I mean I'm no expert on bikes but if he in the last seconds realised the person wasn't moving couldn't he quickly manoeuvre to the left or right of her? Ask yourself are you a pedestrian or a vehicle? what does the law say about vehicles stopping for pedestrian crossings. Stupid old bags walking just like they drive... poor lil old asian lady was just going for her morning walk. little did she know that she was going to get run over by some pink shirt bike riding fag, who was more concern if he had the light or not than the well being of the person he injured. walkers>bikers>cars. That light was yellow for several seconds before you entered the intersection. It went red just before the camera POV moved to the woman in the crosswalk. Cyclist is at fault as much as if he would have been driving a car. Amazingly you produce adrenaline when riding. I'm Dutch based and I'm producing dopamine, all due to the bicycle friendly infrastructure over here. I don't even need a helmet to stay safe. I'm riding an E-bike for commute and shopping; never had an accident. Cheers, and stay safe there! Truthfully speaking, imho, it was both the cyclist and pedestrians' fault. The reason for this is the fact that the pedestrian should never have been on the crosswalk at all since the light at the time was red when he was there. The cyclist was at fault because the law specifically states, you should not enter an interesection if you cannot legally cross the intersection before the light turns red. If you are going slower than the posted speed limit at the point of no return which is the solid line before the crosswalk right as the light is turning yellow, you will not be able to cross the interesection fully without the light turning red. The cyclist did not fully cross the intersection before the light turned red and as a result hit the pedestrian as he was attempting to cross at the crosswalk illegally. Therefore, both people were at fault since the light was red on both ends while on the crosswalk and intersection. i cant believe people are defending this cyclist. the roads are full of hazard's.
next time it could be a child or a elderly person or even a pregnant woman.
makes no difference because these stupid insensitive people cyclists feel it's never there fault.
simple point the guy is on a crossing he as right of way.
he clearly noticed cyclists not slowing down and frooze not sure whether to step back or forward.
by that time it was to late.
end off i hope he got legal advise because the video only helps one person the guy crossing how the fuck that stupid biker did not see that kid full of wankers The kid who got knocked down on the crosswalk was ... a kid. Kids are about as predictable in traffic as dogs; they're hazards. They could - and often do - dash out into traffic without warning. Drive accordingly. Fucking idiot cyclists including the poster of this video going at that speed, they clearly had no intention of stopping even if the light was red. Orange does not mean just carry on speeding especially given it turned red before they reached the crossing, given the speed they were going it indicates it was orange for some time before they entered the crossing. The poster then just stands there gawping for 5 minutes....fucking freak. Go and help or move on, don't stand there gawping like a moron.
Something tells me that the cops won't be seeing this video from the guy who hit the pedestrian. Boo hoo. You ride like an idiot. Film it. And complain about not getting a discount on your garmin. Stop whining and ride responsibly! fuck the city lol well the video is clear...dear pedestrians keep your ass out of the road while """"DON`T WALK"""" is on! This is a good lesson to remind us cyclists that driving a car once in while gets us more aware of some dangers. If any of us whould had been in a car, he/she would had stopped easy. I never knew that the AMBER light @ 2:13 meant to speed up ? Legally the Biker was not liable, but you have to admit the (kid)(correction old lady) saw the bikes and stood perfectly still to make it easier to avoid him and the cyclist was such a lump that he made no attempt to turn.  He was just so incredibly lame that it was hard to watch.  The cyclist has the hand eye coordination of a turnip, that is not illegal but it is rather sad. 
NY Traffic law
PEDESTRIANS' RIGHTS AND DUTIES ARTICLE 27: Section 1150. Pedestrians subject to traffic regulations. Pedestrians shall be subject to traffic-control signals as provided in  section eleven hundred eleven of this title I looked at the video again and the light changed to yellow before the cyclists got to the intersection but the pedestrian stepped into traffic before the red...both at fault Im watching videos about cyclist crashes cause i just came from my ride with my bike broken because of a fucking retarded opened the door no checking the mirrors before You ALL (including the morons behind you that I didn't notice at first) ran a red light its clear as day the light is red and your not even half way through the intersection 2:15 , the law states when you see yellow slow / prepare to stop, its yellow 2:12 and your 125 feet from someone on foot, who is already in the crosswalk. If the person on foot (old asian woman) 2:41 was where she was not meant to be then you were even more so, at least the person on foot was only 10 feet from a sidewalk. Could have easily stopped, but like most idiots on bikes you don't think the laws apply to you...you wanna guess what happens if you run a red light and hit someone in a car? 0:01""""       The cyclist entered the intersection on a yellow light, obviously thinking that he could clear the pedestrian by driving behind her......bad choice! In the State of Victoria, Australia the cyclist would have had the book thrown at him. """"Traffic lights:
If you are facing a traffic light that is:

red, you must stop and don't go into the intersection 
yellow, you must stop unless you can't stop safely 
green, you can go through the intersection if there is room for your vehicle on the other side. You are not allowed to block the intersection.     Different countries/states different rules? i don't really know. It is common sense to assume that the cyclist could see what was about to happen, and thought that he could avoid it, however................. seems like waiting for a couple of seconds for the pedestrain light to turn green is too much for some people """"I had the light right?"""" Sad result of a litigious society. I have hit a pedestrian on my bicycle once, not as badly as that, and now I don't blast in to jay-walking pedestrians and give them a wide berth.
I hope that guy made a similar adjustment, he was so late on the brakes, but it sounds like he cares primarily about his bike and avoiding getting sued. By the way Its illegal to ride in a crosswalk. If your going to ride in the crosswalk you must dismount and walk. Its also illegal for NYPD or any marked city/government officials to park in a bike lane or any where that will interfear with bicycle traffic. Technically the Pedestrian is responsible for her own injury and is at fault because she was jay walking on a red light when she was not suppose to. Plus since she was nocked to the ground the cyclist could be sued for stopping and failure to yield to pedestrian in a crosswalk. Arrogant lawless bicyclist, The Freshest Body Organ Donor on the Road. Keep em' coming to your local hospital morgue. I ride a road bike as long as I can remember and on the crossing lines I always always slow down even if nobody is there. From the video that crossing place was full of pedestrians also. That cyclist was crazy and extremely irresponsible. wath program do you use to show details in the corner Pedestrians fault, watch it again folks and the person has tryed to walk across the road when the crossing was on a red and not a walk symbol, and why the stupid person just stopped walking and decided to stand in the middle of the road anyway is weird, cyclist was going at a fair speed to go through the lights and just went through on ambler still so did nothing wrong,I don't think he could have stopped safely travelling at that speed especially if there was another cyclist/driver behind him not expecting him to try and stop dead suddenly In the UK an amber light when turning to red means stop, the amber light was clearly showing before he rode through the lights, don't know what the law is there though I did think that there was a lack of forward vision by the cyclist. How can one not see the lady in pink? ..... Silly lentil muncher At2:12 the light is yellow and this means STOP at least in Denmark. At 19 mph its not impossible to stop before the cross. So I find it the cyclists fault even though the pedestrian is out in the cross quickly. Maybe both have the guilt.
Everybody on bike out there,
 take care. Never do even the smallest """"fails"""" it can cost you your life. 
RIDE SAFE NYC looks awesome on your cam @1:38 Franz Ferdinand!! U should be visiting Amsterdam some time... At first I thought it was a footpath, but later realised the pedestrian crossing has the walk and don't walk. The people crossing the footpath would then be walking on the don't walk sign. This means they are jaywalking. The distance I seen the light been amber the bike was about 3 metre from the cross line. I would imagine it would be in the cyclists best interests to get across the intersection before the lights change green on the other side. I know in Western Australia when the lights turn red, it takes another 2 seconds before the lights change green for the other side. Lots of drivers run red lights. It is absurd the bad drivers we have here. Seems the cycling infrastructure there is not very good. Perth has reasonable cycleways separate to the roads. We have a large percentage of cyclists not doing the right thing and also car drivers. In Holland there re separate cycling and pedestrian lanes. Cyclists have right of way. I have seen 70 year old women ride bikes not the least over weight. (in Holland) i hate pedestrians who do that moonwalk shit. make up your fucking mind. either walk forward or stand the fuck still. don't start fucking switching directions tryna fake a dude out and all that dumb shit. I have copied and pasted the meaning of an amber light in the UK from traffic signsandmeanings.co.uk
When AMBER is lit up alone it also means, “Stop” at the stop line. The AMBER light is next in the sequence and when it appears you should bring your vehicle to a complete halt at the stop line. However if you break the stop line or cannot get stopped in time and in a safe manner then it is best to continue with your journey. As shown in video, the cyclist had more than enough time to stop at the stop line. If your argument is he could not have stopped in time, then he was approaching the lights at an inappropriate speed to do so. simple! To all you hypocrites in the comment section, the light is clearly yellow, even when they're in the middle of the junction. If you pause at 2:16, you can see the pedestrian light is still red, end of! was the lad on the bike blind, wot ever the lights were on didn't he see folk on the crossing, Any one who thinks this bike did not run the red light, should get them selves a white cane with a red tip. Is his bike okay???? The cyclist ran the red light, the pedestrian proceeded to cross, the cyclist obviously thought he could pass the pedestrian from behind and does not slow down, the pedestrian suddenly hesitates and takes a step back. The cyclist collides with pedestrian with the left side of his bicycle. My view, they both contributed to the collision and people here should stop comparing laws between different countries. THEY DIFFER!! It may be worth noting that the pedestrian  is obviously from another country and unsure of the prevalent traffic conditions and of the laws of the land. I think it sort of tripped the biker out...she just stopped walking and that must've fucked with his head. Once I was cycling in london and this woman jwalked in front of me and she just froze in the road when she saw me, luckily I served into traffic which could have killed me to avoid hitting her - pheww! yellow light Both of them ignored the red light. That's what you get. Are you not required to stop, when there are people on a pedestrian crossing? Safety first: like the road signs + regulations for cycling in The Netherlands: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-cYZo5kToM
=> Enjoy safe/no helmet cycling, triggered by bike friendly infrastructure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4jBpdTicRI
And... what about floating roundabouts for cyclists: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwyV9o5ILF0
The latest innovation regarding roundabouts for cyclists: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiznpGdVsiY Why should Garmin support you? Lycra wearing cyclists are just vermin OK, some people think the light was yellow and other it just turned green. Let's just say it was close enough for anybody in his right mind to be careful and not just rush his way in the crossing at full speed. But in the end it's irrelevant. The only point is that it was obvious that the pedestrian would still be in his way and he didn't even try to stop until too late. Who cares what color was the light. If you see a pedestrian on a pedestrian crossing and you can avoid him, you do or at least you try a little harder. You don't just hit a human being because you think you have right of way. I had the light, so I can just crash through what's in my path because now I'm invincible. Dang. I am always on the side of the cyclist. I also commute 40 miles a week. He clearly ran the red. Hopefully they threw the book on him. Young white men never have respect for elderly asian women. the light was on amber when he entered it.   he was doing 15mph, and could have safely stopped before entering the intersection. here is a handy safety film from the California DMV to help educate you on the correct use of traffic lights.    please watch.    especially you lycra warriors out there, trying to save the planet.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJjhQyU0Wlw  that is all y'all 1:11 wow that guy is a classic asshole
Is that how men really talk around each other? So what part of the states is this? Looks pretty chilled out and diverse His wearing rapha. RESPECT 2:15
This cyclist has a reflex of a turtle. OK, folks ? Noooooo. His Rapha kit is ruined. 05:57 I've eaten at that deli on the corner, they had great sandwiches. In fact the only good food I remember from my NYC trip... If someone is j walking, it doesn't give you the right to run them over. Learn to use the *brakes and look at the road, people. Oh damn, this was in NY? You both may have had the light, but the pedestrian still has the right-of-way because she was on a crosswalk, at least according to most states' laws. In my state you are legally fucked if you hit any pedestrian on a crosswalk, no matter if the dude was texting and blatantly stepped out without looking. But when the pedestrian is not on a crosswalk, I won't stop for them unless the light ahead of me is red, or if they are directly in front of me. I despise people who just step out into the road without a care into the world, thinking everyone else will stop for them. Unfortunately, that has already gotten several pedestrians killed because they either didn't look first, or they were texting. We all hear about texting drivers causing accidents, but texting pedestrians can be just as bad. 
That said, I think the other guy had more than enough time to slow down and stop or go around her. when I enter any intersection, my hands hover over the brakes, and my eyes are scanning for hazards. Too many people aren't paying attention, and you have to be aware of everything and everyone around you in order to be safe. I'm glad she wasn't terribly hurt. From a legal standpoint, the cyclist was (most likely) in the wrong. Be aware and be safe....and keep on 'crankin :) lol Dumb ass broke the law by not slowing down for the yellow and running a red light. I hope he was arrested and gets sued. don't run the red light and there's no need to be sorry for hitting someone. CYCLIST SHOULD BE ARRESTED. CLEARLY RAN THE RED LIGHT.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y29/Sal29/Asshole%20Cyclist.png lol, right by Midwood HS. We should ride together sometime. women at fault, barely looked to her left, what if cars were coming instead of bikes? Yellow means proceed with caution, also on the moment he hit her, the pedastrian light went on go. The cyclist didn't even slow down. She was wrong to even cross while it was red, but still he hit her while the pedastrian light was go. Taking it to a judge won't do him good. He was in the wrong out here. 
I also find it disrespectful that he parked the bike against that car, that is just rude! 

Before anyone complaints against me, I cycle every day myself as well and cycled through a lot of different countries. Where you biking from to get into the city man? Streets look very nice. Cool video. What kind of camera do you use? Sub for sub? But what happened did he close his eyes or zone out or something? Man this comment section is toxic. Honestly both are at fault, the pedestrian should not have been crossing but the cyclist could have done a lot to avoid this too. Another looney cyclist poor pedestrian on a crossing as well tut tut  I personally liked the nebby cyclist with the camra then goes back to help his mate didn't even acknowledge the poor pedestrian joke the guy that made that shit joke about a bike being like a woman, gets absolutely no action at all lol, guy needs to actually commit suicide, he's so cringy How do you get those stats in the (bottom left of the) video? Nice atittude of you, providing him the video! I hope it has ended up well for cyclist and pedestrian! leaning their bikes up against someone's car...I would be so pissed! THIS WAS THE PEDESTRIANS FAULT. END OF STORY. Just because there's a crosswalk there doesn't AUTOMATICALLY GIVE PEDESTRIANS THE RIGHT OF WAY. They ONLY have ROW when the LIGHT IS INDICATING THEY CAN CROSS -- WHICH IT WAS NOT. PERIOD. There is no arguing this. The cyclist legally entered the intersection, stupid person starts to cross then realized the light was red and shouldn't have stepped out, tries to backtrack (which is ALWAYS, ALWAYS the wrong thing to do -- drivers and cyclists are expecting you to continue in the direction you are going or stop, not to backtrack) and bang. That's what you get for being fucking stupid and ignoring the lights. Not only did the first cyclist not slow down for the amber, despite people being on the crossing, but he also went through on red. The second cyclist who was behind him still went over on red when he could easily have stopped. This isa  typical cyclists method of riding. Run lights and weave through pedestrians. Dayum, what a shit show that was.  Another good reason to have the bike lanes painted green-she likley would've been more aware of walking into traffic.  Bikes/bike lanes are still a pretty new concept to a lot of people and don't have the same 'fear boundry' cars get.  They were """"J"""" walking and she, even worse stopped in the bike lane,  but that was a legit oversight-bikes not being in the fore front of people's mind still.  The cyclist though, had seen the people crossing and didn't slow down- regardless of the yellow light, he's still allowed to procceed and not slam on his brakes for it; but if there are people there, just like a car would have to, he needs to slow down (he actually sped up to be 'less in the yellow'- a stupid move being there wasn't even cars waiting to make a left; he was just hot roding, squeezing the pedestrians, thinking he was going to be cool, being an absolute goof), especially when riding with a group of riders, you can't just assume pedestrians will all cross briskly and gingerly- beyond what she did, they could trip or drop something or change thier minds etc, they're very agile and can stop/change direction really fast.  Cyclists, typically in big cities have developed a bad habit of coming way to close to pedestrians; they need to be given adequate space.  Getting hit by a cyclist is just about as bad as being hit by a hockey or football player or worse because of the bike being made of metal/hard materials.  She broke the law, but it's more his fault for not yeilding to people walking infront of him.  He also reacted poorly,  he wasn't aware enough of his surroundings, so knowing there was only a bike to his left and rear; where if he had been, the better choice would have been to swerve left, risking, but not guarenteeing if done just right, hitting the camera guy, which would have been the far less damaging accident, them moving side by side at a similar speed in the same direction, the camera man could have also swerved-being there was no on coming traffic.  The camera guy could also have seen it coming, if he was a better cyclist and moved over giving him swerving room before it happened, and could have yelled out to him but didn't.  Another part of the issue is the group of them riding too close to each other; part of the reason he didn't really hit his brakes was likely fear of causing the cyclist behind him to run into him from behind.  
  But overall the cause was very experienced and smart people who ride their bikes aggressive (more seemingly than actual) and get away with it because of how aware they are, how they predict things, how they give room for errors and unkowns to occur; and literally do everything possible and neccessary to prevent issues before being 'aggressive'; unseen to all the other cyclists that just think it's cool, and that they want to do it too, and then go out there and hurt people and themselves.  Not really any different than what happens in cars etc.  Theres people who can do things and get away with them, and the people who think they can do it too, and fuck it up for the few that are being a lot more careful than it looks.  It's important not to ride as fast as you can, but to ride as fast as you can think and track your surroundings.  Though bikes usually only go around 20 mph, most cyclists are fatigued, reducing their abilities, which puts them and others at risk.  Keeping track of your surroundings requires using even more calories, and if your putting them all into propelling yourself, your going to get hurt or hurt someone.  Most of all, follow the laws and use the same jugment you would while driving a car, because when your judgment is impaired, it's hard to realize it, so by doing that you take a lot of risk out of it.  Keep up being goofs and they'll pass laws requiring us to get insurance, and you'll have fucked it up for everyone.  Stop being so hip, and just ride your bike. I am ok if you wanna ride the bike, but it's about time you guys start respecting the laws. The light was yellow WAY before you crossed. Actually you can clearly see the light turn red while you all are still in the middle of the crossing. The pedestrian took an unnecessary risk standing where he was, but you guys where all in the wrong. If you wanna use the bike, fine, but you gotta use your brakes once in a while. Truth is...you don't cause you're too lazy to put down your feet and start over, and that applies to almost every bikers in every country I lived in. Woman was in the wrong. Who walks on red and stops in a busy street with oncoming traffic, looking the exact opposite direction? Unbelievable. I hope that guy's bike was okay. You should have broken that guys mirror that drove on the bike lane Lmao stupid bitch You can see that he ran the red light, The light is red when the bicycle is in the crosswalk.
That cyclist should be charged with attempted murder.
He tried to do this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EQA_Cm8SKw Cyclist's fallow pretty much the same rules as cars and trucks right? Than it's pretty easy to say who's fault it was, if he can stop than he should stop. He has atleast 10 yards to see those people and slow down incase some or one of them didn't se him. Meanwhile drivers kill people everyday and the woman was fine in this even though it was her fault . Hope the bike wasn't damaged . Idea for pedestrians cross d road safely with uninterrupted traffic flow             search on you tube for my invention Ped should have waited for green or looked first... how did the story end? I mean, in the video it is clear he ran a red light (so did you :p ) pass on the left. Pedestrians already present have right of way. Rekted Love your videos man Some of the comments below are really toxic... you've been warned. ¯\(ツ)/¯ 100% the cyclist's fault. He RAN a RED LIGHT, not a Yellow. His rear wheel is on the crosswalk when the signal is RED. That means that he's not even IN THE INTERSECTION when the signal turns RED. 
 He should get a 500 ticket, and get his bicycle impounded. I feel really sorry for that lady u know where is that music coming from? do you broadcast music from your helmet? """"It was a new bike"""" Had the same thing happen, sucks so much to crash a new bike because of someone else... Setup for a suit dickhead... the light was amber before he went into it.   and where I come from  (maybe its different in third world countries)  a pedestrian on a crossing has right of way Light became yellow for pedestrians when exactly he hit her :):):) I just realized he's riding a bike at 4:35 Hey in the first 5 secs how come none of the bicyclists (including you) stopped for that crosswalk? It's illegal for a car to go through a crosswalk if there is a single foot on the crosswalk, is it ok for bike riders though? You could of hit someone too. Just my opinion Eugene but the cyclist who had the collision with the ped.Would it not have helped reduce the chance of colliding if he approached the crossing slower? I WISH YOU MADE THESE WITH MORE FREQUENCY THEY ARE SOOOO GOOD!!!!!! Have to say, the sound effects add a lot of charm to these.

Love these videos. Stay safe out there. Did you ever hear an outcome for the pedestrian accident? Thank you for sharing the information with him. As someone who takes insurance claims you more than likely saved him a lot of hassle. Not many people actually stop to even provide contact information as a witness, much less a video. Hello, would it be possible to use this video in my US  Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description Parkside & Ocean Avenue at Prospect park Brooklyn? lol My old neighborhood where I was born... were pretty much my whole youtube channel was born at as well. would it be possible to use this video in my car crash Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description Sorry I actually meant to post it here, which camera is this? Hello Eugene D  , will be okay if i use your clip in my upcoming compilation video?
 Credit and link will be in the description! 
Thanks """"I had the light, right?""""  Yes but you're still required to look where you're going and you can't just ride into pedestrians who stand where they shouldn't. That's why you look both ways before walking. Where all just trying to get somewhere. 5:51 """"We're all just trying to get to work"""". I guess the cab driver is already at work Hey Eugene, sweet catch! Glad you had a helmet cam to show what really happened. Any idea what happened to the pedestrian and cyclist?
Also, I wanted to ask you if it was possible if I use this clip in my upcoming compilation? Credit and links in the description, as always will be provided. 

Look forward to your response, tanks! Oh man, if you record in 4K daily, how big is your file size at the end of the day? I wish these were longer. What city is this? Looks like one giant hazard. Man I need to get a camera.... and a helmet. Hi Eugene D, would it be possible to use this video in my US  Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description Out of curiosity, what did you use to get the speed and stats onto the video? Is that from the Garmin? Love these videos!!! Keep it up :D Rightly so. There's people fucking crossing there, cycle is a vehicle, don't go when people are still on the crossing. Fucking piece of shit bike cunt For all its faults, I’m very happy cycling in New York. I feel like 80% of London cyclists I see on video look like Lyrca suited toxic masculinity d bags. I also feel like there’s legitimate bike traffic in London, which fortunately I don’t see as much in ny My hero for the day. Good job for the pedestrian. Bicycles have to follow the road rules. When pedestrians are crossing,bicycles and vehicles have to yield Is it really the case that when you step onto a zebra crossing, any car or cyclist has to slam on the brakes??  If so, then even here the law is an ass, but even if the law could somehow be justified, that in no shape or form makes it sensible for it to be obeyed under all circumstances.

For example, consider self-driving cars.  They are a constant source of irritation precisely because when it comes to rules they meticulously cross every t and dot every i.   For example, humans crash into them from behind precisely because they never bend the rules like they expect normal human drivers to do.  

We ought to know as human beings that rules need to be bent sometimes when it makes sense to bend them.  Sometimes, if overtaking a car, one might briefly exceed the speed limit.  But it would be preposterous to insist one must always keep to the speed limit, even if dangerous.

Why must one have to stop if one will miss the pedestrian?  Any cyclist knows it's not good when one's energy has to be wasted by constantly stopping and starting.  The pedestrian was going to be missed.  There simply was no need for the cyclist to stop.  The pedestrian is a clueless nitwit. What a savage to those who say the pedstrian was in the wrong well dont use the pavement as part of your """"road"""" unless its a cycle route and dont moan etc if a pedestrian walks in your way Psychocylists like him are a bane on society. Other banes are mobility scooter drivers. They're forbidden to drive a vehicle on the road due to a medical condition, as they're considered a hazard to other drivers, but it's ok for them to be a hazard to pedestrians, children, small animals etc when they speed down pavements on their mobility scooters which is another type of vehicle. You can lose your drivers license if you fail an eye test, but it's ok for you to drive a small vehicle down pavements and into shops despite being practically blind! Seriously fucked up. Cyclists are complete and utter bastards they think they can do whatever they want on the roads I broke my brakes because too many Peds crossing the road without zebra cross and didn't check his right and left Should of punched the cyclist to the ground !! What would happen if there was a partially sighted pedestrian crossing the road? 
Cyclists should be fined for ignoring traffic lights, they nearly always cycle through RED, if a car hits the bike its the car driver held to blame. That cyclist is a twat! a walking stick in back wheel works Nice 1 Idiots like him give all of us cyclists a bad name.. the bloke should have knocked him off. The pedestrian had passed by the time the cyclist entered the crossing but he turned back to accost him. Triggered twat! pity he didn't knock the bike over """"Asshole cyclist gets what he deserves""""

There, I fixed the title It's high time cyclist should be issued license & number plates, they should come under 2 wheeler law & orders, they don't care for cars, bikes, traffic rules & pedestrians i would have punched the stupid cunt If this chap in the cap had kept walking then the guy on the bike (who was coasting slowly: when he enters shot the wide angle lens makes him appear to be moving fast) would have passed a good 4ft behind him. According to the Highway Code you can legally proceed across these crossing so long as you cede priority to pedestrians which is what the guy on the bike was aiming to do by passing 4ft behind the guy in the cap. To be completely clear - the cyclist is not breaking the law so long as he does not impede the movement of any pedestrian on the crossing. The guy in the cap is the one causing the issue here and is the only person breaking the law - that shoulder barge is assault. Riding bicycles will always be safer and less costly than cars, this man would not be able to do this with a car. These cyclists are just as bad as black people If you're gonna lead the pack then act like a leader n keep your group safe Fucking self entitled, lycra clad  arsehole, thinks the highway code applies to everyone else but him ! Gwarn my Pedestrian fam Gwarn fuck u cyclist fuck🖕I ain't scared of u🤣 i would make sure the fucker hit me then i would lie down do a death act and claim as much money as i could from the piece of shit cyclist . I have done the same thing as a pedestrian  - at least let the pedestrians cross and get clear 
The cyclist tried to go behind the pedestrians - but that does not make it right

I once had a cyclist attempt to pass in front of me so i blocked his path and forced him to stop 

He didn't like it Seen this bloke do this before on this crossing, he crosses then doubles back when a cyclist goes past behind him then grabs the handle bars and tries to start a fight. I’ve seen him do it when he has almost reached the pavement then all of a sudden he doubles back. Quite strange behaviour Stick your walking stick in the front wheel great fun it stops them dead !!!!!!haha Good I would love to knock that stupid looking cap off that pricks head.  Preferably with his head still in it.  Cheeky bastard.  The cyclist should have flattened him. Do all pedestrians stop and wait for the 'green man, at a pedestrian crossing? give him the cat communist prize! The worst cyclists in London are the suicidal tourists on the Santander bikes. old bitch pedestrian hope he dies smashed by a truck Never trust a cyclist who dresses for the Tour de France to get to work. He thought his bike was a BMW give him a break for fuck sake i'm going to try this... But no one has a problem with the car that failed to yield at the start? Well the guy went so damn fast he nearly knocked the guy over so I don't blame him Hahaha, fucking beautiful Is this the zebra crossing the beetles shot their album cover? Hi there, is it ok with you if I use this clip in a compilation? Fully credited of course! Was this a Monty Python Sketch i swear to god i can feel the rage ugh I had a cyclist break my walking stick when riding through a crossing like that,
(perhaps cos I stuck it in his front wheel?) I really don't see the problem here.  The biker was going behind the walker not blocking his way in the least.  Maybe his wife was mad at him so he thought he'd take it out on this poor biker I bike everyday to work. And back as well. I am 100 percent behind pedestrian. Would it kill cyclist to wait 5 seconds? I've had a go at a couple cyclists on zebras, always as a ped. They race through them like its a challenge, but in my case they always stop and immediately apologise. Thousands of bike rider's in Amsterdam, But no racing bikes or street RACERS. And Lay-tour,  Contenders.  Pedestrians take back your space. His bmw must be having some work done on it and is in the local garage. Wtf man that guy just threw himself in front of that cyclist. That cyclist obviously was very conscious about where he was riding and you can clearly see he was avoiding the pedestrians. It is a zebra path and the pedestrians have priority there but it's not a stop sign. There weren't any pedestrians standing or walking in his direction. If that pedestrian didn't turn around to rage at that cyclist nothing would have happened. THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD PASS LAW THAT ALL CYCLIST SHOULD HAVE TO TAKE ANS PASS A ROAD TEST.CARRY A LICENCE,AND HAVE NOT ONLT INSURANCE BUT ALSO ROAD TAX.WHY SHOULD THESE FUCKING IDIOTS BE ALLOWED ON PUBLIC HIGHWAYS UNTAXED AND UNINSURED.
CYCLIST ARE A BUNCH OF FUCKING WANKERS Good in him.he should of smacked the twat unconscious.ONLY GIOD CYCLIST IS A DEAD FUCKING CYCLIST As a cyclist you break the rules it's just what you do. He didn't do any thing he just came slowly the Pedestrian came back to blocks him In my experience, most cyclists here in Cape Town, South Africa are arrogant and do as they please, refusing to ride in single file, ignoring red lights etc etc He did the right thing. I cycle too but I find this kind of behaviour unacceptable. Should of chinned him for dangerous cycling These idiotic budgerigars with their stupid helmet on wheels! There's always one that spoils it for the rest of the professional cyclists.
But unfortunately now there is too many that take the mickey out of the highway laws  I think they should be made to sit a test on bike riding and hold a licence. 
You pass your test get registration number to display on bike when you break the law you are find like every other road user simple Just another Lycra lout that thinks the law does no apply to him BELL END CYCLIST Fair enough too. Moron. The cyclist was just passing behind him. I pass behind pedestrians all the time when I am in a car. No one ever got upset. I don't drive a flash car and I don't wear lycra so I guess no one was jealous either. What is a zebra crossing? The cyclist easily easily could have went past behind him since the pedestrian was walking forward but the pedestrian had to be a dick and stop then turn around just to block him. Saw this in Leeds on Thursday. So dangerous.they.just don't take traffic lights and crossings seriously. It's as if they believe they are above the law. pedestrian is right though. cyclists ignore all laws and then get mad at cars. Well done that man! """"IT'S THE LAW! IT'S THE LAW!"""" Happy Cycling everyone xx https://youtu.be/pqQSwQLDIK8 Cyclists think they own the road ✊️💦💦 What a BOSS Pedestrians have the right-of-way but the bicyclist did nothing wrong. The pedestrian stopped and turned around to interfere with the bicyclist who was trying to pass behind him. The pedestrian was spot on here and totally right Why you don`t puched that idiot??? Fantastic That pedestrian is a dick.  He would have been easily cleared to the point he wouldn't have even felt a breeze.  It's fucking ass kicking time.  He would have legally deserved it in my state.  Luck for him, that biker was most likely on his way to work and didn't have time to stop and fuck him up.  I would have been late for work and he would be headed to the hospital.  Afterwards, my lawer would have finished the job.
                                                                                                       I'm a biker.  FU if you don't like my opinion.  I probably don't like yours. Well done that man. Cyclist was in the wrong. That is why we should run into pedestrians whenever we catch them in the bike lanes..  fascist fucks! Good for the pedestrian! That cyclist deserves a visit from police and a proper citation with a friendly smile 👮‍♀️ The cyclist was in the clear , pedestrian should be charged with assault, the law on pedestrian crossings is that once the pedestrian had passed your line of advance then you can legally proceed. Have a look at the clip , the cyclist was going BEHIND the pedestrian when the pedestrian turned around and walked back in front of the cyclist , pedestrian should be charged for illegal stopping the cyclist and assault. The reason I hate cyclists. Cyclist are idiots fuck cyclists So much goodness here! sooner or later at some stage in the day we all become pedestrians... Well done you, damn bikers think they own the road  !! There is a time for riding through the zebra crossing when there's people on it, but it like that. I´m a cyclist and i´m with this pedestrian... cool guy ^^ Quite right, fucking lycra warrior in the wrong again. In this video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IyR6RZ49Co&t=648s
Exposing the dreadful beast of Revelation 13! bikes can kill, never get in the way ? he could have bad breaks? or NO breaks ???  a bad road or pot hole , hard to stop   a broken leg hurts NOT  a good way to make a point cyclist never read  the high way code. Didn't quite have the balls to stop the car :) I am a cyclist, That cyclist was an Idiot, follow the rules! cyclist shits, run the bastards down, scum of the roads Quite right too! if i had been that guy crossing the zebra crossing i would have yanked that A hole cyclist completely off his bike by the throat! Well done that man ! They've got too much of it. First  ones to shout when they get cut  up. why is it always the posers kitted out in full cycling gear trying to prove how """"pro"""" they are who do this shit lol Knocking idiots down off their bicycle is perfectly acceptable.  Bicycles that disobey the law deserve tough treatment. The hero we all need. Way to make the rest of us look bad. Pedestrians have the right away Period dumb Biker he did right. Grab seat stem firmly and lift quickly. Eat shit All cyclist are dumb fagets Lycra lout gets owned and how silly does Lyra look anyway? Just because you couldn't afford a car and still ride something most of us stopped at 12.... the rules still apply to you! 90% of the worlds cyclists are low iq psychopaths My son was almost knocked down by one and if he had been I would have inserted the bike into the lycra dressed fuckwit's shapely arse. 100% win for the pedestrian. Stupid fucking cyclist. I want to shake this man's hand ..fucking cyclists think they can do what they want ..make them pay road tax , they cause more pollution than cars , because they cause traffic jams as lorries busses etc can't pass them , even where there's a cycle lane they don't use it cyclist should have decked him. Yeah, bike should have stopped.  Buuuuuut...  dunno if it was worth getting tire tracks on the ped's suit. Nitpicking pedestrian obviously with nothing better to do. It's not like the cyclist raced through a crossing swarming with disabled pensioners, there was a clear, large gap and he went for it. I bet you people praising the pedestrian stand like frozen lemmings when the light is red but there's not a car in sight. The cyclist wasn't interfering with anyone else's day here. I'm a cyclist but I must admit that a hell of a lot of cyclists deserve to get knocked out. If I can get from a to b without rubbing pedestrians and drivers up the wrong way then what's every other 2wheel cunts excuse.
If I witness some daft and cheeky cyclist getting knocked out, I'll play it like I didn't see shit. Very good teach that bastard cyclist a lesson ROAD COWBOYS give all cyclists a bad name Well done, that man! Next time put the bike round the riders neck the pedestrian was racist! that cyclist should have punched that ass hole in the head. What a tosser of a cyclist. He should have kicked fuck out of smart arse on bike. And wreck his bike I cycle now and again; but well done pedestrian guy, stand your ground against mother-fuckers like that.  Cyclists like him give other cyclists a bad name. I would have pushed him  of his bike and jumped on his head! It's a zebra crossing so the dickhead on a bike should of stopped I would have kicked the cunts spokes in Gives cyclists a bad name I hate bicycle riders that don’t stop gives all bicycle riders a bad name. Should have belted him in the mouth Cyclist was like """"oh shit business man gon' beat my ass, penguin waddle away!"""" Someone find that man and give him a medal! That typical twat cyclist will hopefully think twice next time Should have broke that ignorant bike riders jaw what a cunt Don't fuck with Jacob Rees Mogg That was the drivers fault that's what they usually say the block should have fell to the road and made a claim Well done that man getting so sick of it Love it. Good on you mate. Funny how the anti-cycling folks find every single video showing a bad cyclist to jerk each other off to but never seem to find the thousands of videos showing cars doing much worse. Well done that man Well done pedestrian. F**** stupid arrogant cyclist. Good on him Cyclists seem to have very little respect for anyone other than their own. Good on the the Ped for giving that guy a piece of his mind. This is TYPICAL arrogance of cyclists who think they have rights beyond that of other road users. 
YOU F**KING DON'T !!!!! B.S.! First, the cyclist is NOT going to hit the ped. The cyclist carries all the kinetic energy, he will bear the brunt of a possible impact. Peds routinely get in the way of riders. I have experienced a ped looking right at me and then deliberately crossing a road to get in my way, and then had the temerity to yell at me to slow down. All you aholes badmouthing the rider probably don't or have ever ridden a bike. PS I am a 65 yr old rider that has commuted across town since the 1970s, I have never hit anyone or been hit, even though I run with traffic. Yeah, I'm fit enough to keep up with cars in a 40 mph zone. PPS a rider following me on a downhill thru la jolla hit a jogger that decided to jump in front of him in a bike lane was killed. Pedestrians are constantly veering in front of riders in shared park lanes, and forever blaming the riders for """"going too fast"""" because peds NEVER bother to look behind them before making right angle turns .PPPS to all you busybody prigs, Mind your own business. Some dick head cyclist cussed me out at edgeware road because he had to swerve to avoid me...It was a pedestrian green light. -_- I'm a cyclist - good for that pedestrian. Very well done. No wonder people hate cyclists Se é aqui no RJ esse venho já tomava uma bifa no meio das venta I would have hit him hard.   VERY HARD. Genuine respect for this random. I award this video my thumbs up because of the pedestrian crossing guard. This cyclist deserved it well and truly.  He was cutting the pedestrian off and riding at a reckless speed as well.  I can understand someone carefully going behind a pedestrian, even if it is unlawful.  But this guy was completely selfish as well as illegal.  What a *****. Car nearly hits guy: WHATEVER
Bike nearly hits guy: YOU IMMORAL FUCK! YOU COULD HAVE KILLED ME WITH THAT 30LB DEATH MACHINE! FUCK YOU. excellent work on behalf of the pedestrian cyclists who flout the law should be prosecuted as a cyclist I find this incredibly funny, so annoying when others don't think the law applies to them Hehe well done, I’ve done the same before. I am a cyclist, but a lot of them are just jerks. Cyclists should be made to pay tax and insurance. They should have reg plate so they can be convicted for breaking the law. I swear I've seen the guy on the bike at an anti brexit rally Cyclists, the best is when they fly through stops signs like it somehow disappears when they ride a bicycle. I'm a cyclist, and you should have stopped, you give us a bad name. the pedestrian is right, the cyclist could have seriously hurt someone Buy that man a pint!!!! Fair fucks to the guy Cyclist should’ve stop. There’s pedestrians crossing the street. Even the freaking cars stop! Are you in a hurry? lol Here in the Netherlands these irritated cycling idiots might be always thinking they have all the rights in the traffic. Arrogant scumbag Good. London cyclists... 'nough said. he is crazy is everyone here retarded?
the cyclist has a clear path, there was no issue with him crossing there, the pedestrian is compeltely braindead for doing what he does.
and just to show you even more clearly how dumb you are; the pedestrians waited for the car to pass before; so why arent you complaining about that? oh and one more thing the guy literally stops him on the crossing, standing on top of the clearly written notice, to look to the left.
so to sum it up; a car cuts off a pedestrian, then a cyclist crosses the zebra crossing after every pedestrian has passed by the path he rides, then a moron, stops, and moves directly in his way, he stops, even steps off the bike,  the pedestrian, continues physically blocking the cyclist, on the zebra crossing, forcing a  crowd of at least 5 cyclists to stop.
someone puts the video of this assault on the internet, where people hate on the person who gets assaulted for no reason, by a maniacal moron; who is praised for breaking the law and endangering a complete stranger.
you are all fucking retards. should of knocked the idiot out, like he didn't have to walk back dumb shit Stupid biker Typical cyclefaggit.  Cries about cars not respecting his space while he respects none himself. You damn stop at a zebra crossing fucking moron the bike guy didn't do nothing wrong.....he was going around him not like he was aiming at him, dam you guys are dramatic why would you stop him it was clear. dickhead
I ride fixed and if he did that to me how would I stop in time to not hurt him or my knees I'm not a cyclist , but when I'm riding my bike I stop at stop signs inside neighborhoods.. lol..     car rules!   Not prison rules All ways london lol He even popped a stoppie xD Yes! Standing up for the pedestrians The more 'Super Heroish' they dress, the bigger the asses they tend to be. Cyclists are a pest I nearly killed a biker when turning left in an intersection, she came around the corner from behind a bush even though she had a red. I followed her and asked her why she couldn't wait 1 minute, and she said """"well you're a driver right? If you had hit me, you would've gotten in trouble and I could sue you"""". She then attempted knock me over and ended up falling off her bike and cracked her phone screen as her phone fell out of her pocket. It was pretty amusing. Moral of the story is please follow the rules of the road, and don't ride with your phone in your front pocket. cause cyclist are the one that need to be tough a lesson :\ The more that behave like that the quicker the government will introduce number plates for all inner city cyclists. this is why I hate cyclists. they always think they're better.
yesterday I hate a bunch of retired wannabe cylcists merge in front of me when there's a perfectly fine and wide bicycle path. on top of that, they start riding next to each other, taking up the entire lane. I freaking cut them off when I passed them, they make me sick. 

also had one (who should've been driving on the bicycle path as well) screaming at me and getting so mad for passing them. like no piece of shit I'm not gonna follow you another 10 km on a 70 km/h road where you're going 35. and I shouldn't even had have to pass you. cause you shouldn't have been there. and again, these two idiots were riding next to each other. 

I don't remember doing shit like this when I rode my bike. heck, I wasn't going to try to get hit by a car!? definition of over reaction
the hat guy obviously had a bad day. That cyclist deserved to be beaten down to the ground. Push bikes should not be allowed on the road. People who do ride them had no friends at school so they Dress in Lycra and ride with their little bum buddies. If they are on road, run them over. good fck cyclists and their disregarding of law Bravo to that man,  how many times cyclists break the law and get away with it. How dangerous and stupid is that!  Wow 😕 Some cyclists just think the roads are there for them and them alone. What an idiot. It's still bad that the cyclist managed to get a head start and still gained something out of this.
I would have loved to see a couple other pedestrians joining in and holding the guy on the side for a few light cycles.
I am pedestrian, cyclist and driver and I despise all cunts of all kind. I work in london, to be honest zebra crossings in london seem to have different laws to the rest of the country. Eg, taxis / cyclists just drive through without a care all the time, you become used to it The man would cleary have been far away from the cyclist if he hadn’t turned. 
Then it would be ok for the cyclist to pass I rest my case bike riders are douche bags Not all heroes wear capes. That mentality of doing something wrong because someone else does something wrong...smh Good on the pedestrian. He had the right to do this. He is a fellow cyclist and knows how cyclist should behave Cyclists are dicks that’s why. Proof that not all urban heroes wear capes. Both were in the wrong yes cyclist should have waited but the pedestrian should have kept walking. The pedestrian wanted to have an argument that's why he did it I wish we had more of that in the states with people who speed. Speed limits are the maximum, not the minimum. Asshole had to turn back to confront
a cyclist with zero obsticals,
except intentionally by this asshole.
A ballpark air horn would work.
Right in his uppity face. He was not that brave with the taxi that did the same in the previous crossing. Lame. He was in the Tour, on a Stage, mate... how dare you stop him.. that suit needs a dig in the head. Scheiß Radfahrer Nicely.bloody done. Next time hit him with a cricket bat I drive and cycle in equal measure. I would never cycle like this. Hat off to the pedestrian for putting that cyclist in his place. I see these idiots all time...straight though red light zebra crossings...twats Cyclists = scum I wonder how long before pedestrians will start walking around with a fucking camera on there head. Seat sniffing cunts He's the one who needs some physical exercise to relieve stress. He's the one that needs to pedal a little bit! For people who for some reason don't think the pedestrian should have gone out of his way to stop the cyclist, I've yet another reason I bet you didn't think of. What if the pedestrian saw the cyclist coming up, had to make a split second evaluation and thought he was going to steal his bag. Idiots on bicycles 
Open game for hunting Good on the pedestrain to be honset lol :-D sick of cyclists thinking they can just cycle through red light, zebra crossings and holding up loads of traffic Now it's electric bikes. They completely ignore traffic lights and just ride right through them. I'd be glad if the motorists yielded to pedestrians at crosswalks where I live.  They even blow through on-demand crossing signals. The curse of British roads..... Wankers 🚲 ✊💦 Fkin wanka Should have kicked his spokes in Hes never tried to do that with a bus has he Honestly fuck bikers They need licences insurances and tests to share the roads They think because they dont pay road tax, they're not bound by the same laws as the rest of us. I hate it when someone cycles like that. When I drive, I hate it when I have my indicators for the left turn and I slow down to turn left and they try to undertake me as they go straight... You wait for the car who is in front to turn left first. Some even have the check to complain... As a cyclist, pedestrian, motorcyclist and driver- I don’t have a valid opinion on this.  However- the balls on the pedestrian!  😅👌 I'd have taken down that pedestrian with my bicycle.. Legend has it that the Beatles once walked across that crossing Cyclists are cunts Didn't know there was a European Karren who identifies as a male I'm not from London but I've heard that the cyclists are very entitled there. Almost the same here in Spain. Yes. My hero! Good man! I hate cyclists who think the laws of the road don't apply to them! Love how the cyclist was terrified and tried to run away Had that been the other way about the cyclist would have been a cunt on a Muslim level ! What a fuucking knob.  You're not the police pal, you don't enforce laws.  You literally committed assualt though. Why all cyclists wear helmets? Here in kosice practically no one wear helmets. On motorbike mostly yes but its too uncomfortable wear this plastic hat.. i think its in australia i have a friend from austria. You can gett 300 dollar fine if you dont wear so thats a dumb law. But seatbelt or dry law is ok bcs its more dangerous. All cyclist should be required to buy liability insurance. Too fucking right. The other cyclist should catch up to him and slug the crap out of him! Don't worry that cunt will be run over by a lorry soon. Cyclist was an idiot Why do grown men want to play on bikes? I'm tired of seeing cyclists passing over red lights in front of cops, cops get too lacy since they can fine bikes and cars by plate, but bicicles don't have plate so they have to run between cars Chase, stop and identify them. Good he blocked him. Cyclists are generally cunts... Self righteous. Hero. I find it ironic that cyclists ride round with a stupid little camera on their helmet and then ride irresponsibly, having the cheek to go all butt hurty over the slightest perceived infraction, double standards. RLJ, dangerous filtering, and Jumping crossings, as a cyclist for 30 years I don't do any of that. It is like people have nothing to do these days. Even If I were wrong like the cyclist was I still would knock that guy down great way to get yourself knocked the fuck out. next time crack his jaw with a U lock. Cyclists are the worst kind of scum on the road. These entitled pussies dont give a shit about traffic rules. And if i hit one with my car, i am at fault... even if i am not.. >< not in all countries you have to stop at zebra stripes - if you have to stop in the country this is filmed - the ped did good work. (iam a cyclist) Good, bloody idiot, giving us decent cyclists a bad name and as bad as the dicks who cycle around at night without lights. Bike registration, Number plates and fine those who break the law....a tax on cyclists instead of motorists... People saying cyclist in general are bad while in this case literally 7 cyclists obeyed the law while 1 did not, and meanwhile a taxi on the right broke the law as well.

Almost as if people are opinionated and like to generalize. 
Could it be? Surely not. Nice one pedestrian One word, """"clothesline"""". I am sure it will get the point across quickly that you should've stopped. Wanker! That cyclist is a idiot. One went through a red light outside a police station today, van front of me almost killed her as our light was green and she just came out from behind waiting traffic. She had to the cheek to put her middle finger up at the van. Self a riotous idiots куклист этого пидестриана прекрасно видел и проехал бы у него за спиной никак ему не помешав, но нет надо было резко остановиться и метнуться назад ему под колеса Fucking love it, wish there was more of this. Although I would have preferred if he kicked the bikes spokes and damaged them Pedestrian playing police insulting other people and crowd is cheering. We are doomed. Nice one ☺ I’m a cyclist but this guy is a dick well done that pedestrian Top guy! If your watching keep up the good work. Cyclist must hit that bitch. zebra crossings are holy, but sometimes pedestrians fuck up big time either Both in the wrong legally there. This guy was probably buzzed one time too many by cyclists who think pedestrians are only in their path. Cyclists should slow for pedestrians and use their bell so as not to startle others. should've pushed the ignorant fucker off Have you ever watched those retarded fucks on bikes? They dont like stopping because theyre too fukun lazy to change gear. 67,0000 cogs n they only want to use 1. Wankers! A beautiful example of a prize wankstain (cyclist not ped) Well done that man.Cyclists are Aresholes.Just pathetic middle aged men who think the roads = a velodrome. Dam good well done pedestrian!! Well done to the pedestrian,  that twat on two wheels needs smacking in the head. Good for him! Well done sir! Was that *        https://www.youtube.com/user/UPHILLFREEWHEELER         * by any chance? the cyclist should punch the man on face I am a cyclist the Pedestrian did right  to show him up. Male lycra cyclists always seem to be the same kind of fuckwitt. It's uncanny. TBH there would have been no problem if the ped had just carried on walking, bike had already swerved to the right to pass free. I've cycled for over 40 years but doing this nonsense gives cyclists a bad name and is dangerous. I am a hardcore road bike cyclist and a commuter. I HATE to see IDIOTS with bikes who dont stop for pedestrians. That cyclist learned a lesson that day. Pedestrians have right of way on a zebra crossing. Every right to be angry. If you're gonna cross a zebra crossing before everyone got across """"because you can"""", at the very least slow down. You might think you've analysed the entire situation, but if you this consistently you're bound to hit a child who you didn't see someday. here in usa u have bikers that are suicidal sometimes and blast through crosswalks going in between cars almost getting killed but they don't care about dying for some reason We're a sniper when you need 1! Tip. Just after they pass, if someone (never me!) kicks the rear wheel hard they almost fall off. Plus if busy they aren't sure who kicked them or even of they are they won't know it was intentional. Good on him. Entitled twat thinks rules only apply to others. 😅😂🤣 🚴‍♀️ 🚴‍♂️ 🤬🤯 What's the point ? Good on him, I'd have bent one of his skinny little wheels. By all means ride on the road, but you have to stick to the rules of the road. Unfortunately many don't which gives them a bad name, this is just another example of that. Pedestrian assaulting cyclist 101 This is why I clip every cyclist I see! I am a cyclist and I approve. It's all this NASA space gear get-up that makes some of them think they're Lance Armstrong. That wasn't a light controlled crossing. The pedestrian had to turn back into the cyclists path in order to create the collision. He's lucky the cyclist applied his brakes. Should have chinned him then knock him off, fucking cyclists think they own the road 😡 legend As a cyclist I certainly commend his action. These guys who ride on road bikes think they own the road and that all the rules are in their favor and they don't have to yield to traffic or pedestrians If the cyclist would have fallen and hurt his head after successfully stopping in front of that guy who jumped back, who would have been guilty for that accident? There are hundreds of other examples of bad biking culture but this one is the example of bad pedestrian culture. Fuckin cycle fucks fuck off!! Haha Ah cyclists, the scum of the universe! I can't believe so many people defend the pedestrian, he crossed already the path that the cyclist was planning to take, he suddenly turned around and stepped back. a frustrated dude willing to get angry at anybody. Im glad I live in The Netherlands where people get their first bike at the age of around 3 years and thereby have more empathy for cyclists. We are happy with them. ( still those groups of fast cyclers who think they are driving The Tour The France can be really annoying, but hey we are all human!) The beauty is that we give and take regarding the rules. When it rains cyclists get wet so stop for them. At a zebra crossing pedestrians can wait for one or 2 cyclists, especially when its a mother with 3 children on their bike ( its common in Holland), just because you can, and for you its easy to stop and go. When people feel more secure on the bike more people will take the bike and less the car. Give cyclist more space, and you will get more space on the road! well done Spot on reaction. This is nothing to people almost running into me on the pavement on their bike though. Too many candy floss heads. You gotta win that race to get home and take a shit. Fucking morons should learn to stop for zebra stripes Cyclist's are cancer. This guy deliberately moved almost 1 meter within a second to pose in front of and impede traffic. Maybe he should go do that to a train Cyclists wonder why they are universally hated. Well this is a prime example. A lot of cyclists, not all, but a lot are arrogant pricks who think road etiquette doesn't apply to them. They think they have a god guven right to use roads that they don't pay for, flout traffic signals, and take up whole lanes riding 2 or 3 abreast, when there are cycle lanes for them to use. And because they don't have to REGISTER their bikes, they think that traffic laws don't apply to them either. Its no wonder some of them come into conflict with buses and trucks. i hate road bikers they act like complete assholes every fu**ing time! O cyclist also haul ass using crosswalks don't dismout super dangerous! hardcore cyclist my whole life most now are asshole no laws for them!! come to vancouver canada they don't share the road on and on very dangerous pedestrians  too no laws for them light turns red mother with baby carrage cross's on red  2 time within 2 mounths of living here it's a freak show strait up! Pretty tired of pedestrians thinking they own the road and I'm not even a cyclist or driver! Fucking good on him too Bastard biker Look a cyclist killed a pedestrian and tried to blame the pedestrian https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/aug/14/cyclist-charlie-alliston-killed-pedestrian-blamed-crash-kim-briggs-court-told Need to stick a pole through the spokes on the front wheel whilst speeding through. Might actually teach a lesson. Where I live they do the same on the zebra crossing and I just walk out front of them Just the usual idot, all fingers are not equal. I saw the same thing...he raced through came within inches of a pram with a baby in it...cunt didn't even stop or say sorry. Safe to say he can't ride faster than my car,i used a parked car and boxed him in. After he stopped crying like a baby and i explained he isn't getting a whack,i finally got information from him,no he doesn't have a license, no he hasn't studied the highway code and apparently he doesn't need to stop at zebra crossings...shows the mentality of these self righteous pricks..now not all will be like this but id say a good 50% are! Always one idiot. All the rest stopped. the cycle rider tried to ride behind him, what is the problem? Ok, why is anyone defending the obnoxious pedestrian? The cyclist was not endangering anyone, and no one had to stop or slow to allow him to pass, so why shouldn't he go ahead at full speed? Legitimately have no idea what anyone defending the pedestrian is talking about.

Ok, after reading comments I see the UK laws are pretty different to Australia's laws but it seems absolutely fucking stupid that you should have to wait for everyone to be off the crossing to go through. In a busy area you'd literally never get a chance to go through. Again, the cyclist was acting in a completely safe manner and the ped was looking to get fucking squashed. I would have knocked the cyclist off and thrown his bike over the hedge I hate cyclist Angry moron. arseholes on bikes, every one of them I hate cyclist like this. Well done pedestrian. Should of  pushed him off would of been better :) Butthurt pedestrian idiot, driving infront of people is very rude i agree but driving behind them, who cares for real! Well Done! Should of simply pushed him over and let him stack! Fed up of these prick, shoot through lights, jump up on Krebs. Moonwalking back and touching my bike and you'll find yourself sore walk home. Cyclists are cunts. Spandex poofs. Well done mate. 😆👍 Bout time these guys were having to be taxed and insured and pass a cycle test The highway code is for every one, what a bell-end. I'd like to shake that mans hand what a legend. I think i might start using a walking stick for times like these and stick it in the front ₩heel. NICE! 
Happy dashin, keep capturing this crazy world we live in, you never know whats around the corner. Isn't this how people get stabbed? I don't see any Zebras. Should have just clotheslined him off his bike WWE style Change the title to entitled bicyclist think they don't have to follow the rules Well done to that man for confronting that cyclist. The sooner these menaces are taxed and registered the better. Whites are sick people!!!
Most of them do weird things!! Good on him. Some cyclists have a priorital attitude thinking ‘Me 1st’ rather than follow common safety road and pedestrian guides. I would have just foot stomped his fucking spokes Typical bloody cyclists think they own the road at crossings pavements and everything else it's about time we had £1,000 fine for not using cycle lanes if caught twice their push-bike should be crushed if they can harass the motorist for the last 20 years it's about time they started on pedal cyclists Pop the tyres he wnt be goin fast anymore hahaha Exquisite Didn't know Jeremy Thorpe was still alive. push him off bike claim it's self defence.  wankers! Hahaha good for him cyclist think rules don't apply to them And of course the worst thing is when cyclists use crossings themselves and expect cars to stop! We have construction zones that dumbass bikers feel the need to put their lives in danger here in Utah county..speed limit is 50 mph going UP HILL and these fools go this route instead of 3 other alteritives...w no shoulder bc of construction a death is sure to follow!..MORONS!! He never even slowed down...cut him off at the knees...haaaaaaaa Fair play to him As a road user, I drive for a living, I have noticed for quite some time now that  such a lot of cyclists are becoming reckless and seemingly oblivious to other road users. Riding 3,4&5 abreast on the highway,  a single cyclist riding in the middle of the lane on a two way road like yesterdays drive to work on a 50mph zone Are they on suicide Misson? I think it's high time the government stepped up and put some public awareness short films on TV And he was right to do so. Obey the rules people, don't be douche-like. All those who noted the taxi,  look again, there were no pedestrians on the crossing.  It is actually two separate crossings. A friend of mine does that when we ride. But i don't go ride with him anymore. if cyclists want to be on the road, they have to follow the rules of the road. i’m sick of cyclists not following road rules ffs That's when my seat post , comes out and enters the heroine of the day right in their egg crack skull leaving a permanent impression that for sure will make anyone in contact with that post afraid of ever conflicting with things that are not of your business!! Good! Such pieces of shit are cyclists Gandalf the black. Hahahah good lesson Haha good man, fucking loathe cyclists This is the saddest thing I've seen, pedestrian, low self esteem, bad day at work, need to vent frustration. Here's an easy target, maybe if I shout a bit and cause a scene someone will think I matter. You don't, you're worthless, it won't make you feel better. it's probably the hat, try prunes or bran flakes to try and ease the flow Gotta say, ive wanted to pull them off the bike by their head... and im a cyclist... If we are to be considered traffic we behave as such. Well 👌done  Sir. One ignorant 🚴cyclist!!! Endangering 🚶pedestrians! Most cyclist are very 👍good. Thank you. Where's the zebra?
Both of those guys are assholes. Cyclyst=stupid 2 wheeled Bast**d do as they like then cry like spoiled kids if they get pulled up for their ill mannered behaviour. They use the road therefore they need to pass a test and pay road tax and insurance. cyclists also think that traffic lights that are on red mean its only for motorists. Yup. Typical cyclist behavior here in Portland Oregon too. They've really become a nuisance problem. Like pigeons and rats. Well done, pedestrian. Cyclists are a bit like pedestrians really, I don't stop either lol 😂  I hate it when they just walk across the zebra crossing without signalling first with these feet The pedestrian has no business puting his hands on the cyclist any more than the cyclist being at fault. Would have been justifiable to punch the suit out....💼💥💪 All the dislikes are the cyclists who don’t stop for zebra crossings!!! Should of hit the tour 're  france prick Asshole cyclist but not all are bad though Kicking the back wheel as they do this is hilarious though. Try it. Two dicks don't make a thong! Need a transcript! I am a cyclist and hate the tossers who give us a bad name Should have knocked the seven shades off 💩 out of him. 😡 Cyclist should have stopped that's what wrong with those twits they scream about haveing a place on the road but don't follow the traffic laws that's what makes them dumbasses Well done!!! MOB Guy
Morons
On 
Bicycles Fair play. I sometimes cycle myself, but the cyclist here was in the wrong & should of slowed down more & even stopped if there was someone crossing in front of him. The pedestrian would have been out the way but chose to step back in the path of the cyclist. I'm a daily cyclist in NYC.  It's chaos.  Cabs, limos, trucks and cops sit in the bike lanes, people J Walk while texting.  Pedestrians are generally hostile towards cyclists and it is a free-for-all at crosswalks.  Hoards of pedestrians crossing whenever, no matter that the light is against them.  It is maddening.  That being said, there are very unruly and aggressive cyclists out there who plow through intersections with the same free-for-all attitude.  It ruins it for the rest of us.  I hate those spandex wearing douche bags.  I don't blame the pedestrian on this one. Good for himself .These bloody cyclists think they are owed everything .Dicks . To thefireuk - when a crossing is configured as this one is they are classed as two separate crossings and both pedestrians and vehicles should treat them as so. That cyclist and any road user who fails to stop should be hammered. it's the same when you turn a corner and their are people crossing over as they were already crossing THEY have right of way and YOU are required to give way to them I know a hole in the biker's body where his bike would fit.... Fair play fella! Someone doesn't like their life/job lol I would of sent that suit wearing prick to hospital Well done that pedestrian.....yet another cyclist who lets the rest down..!! LOL Good on him. Piss taking cyclists. Good on ya pedestrian Too many cyclists assume they can carry on regardless for WHO IS THERE TO STOP THEM and the pedestrian was right to have a go at this one. Salop de piéton , il fait marche arrière pour faire tomber le cycliste ! Nice one Really tired of entitled snowflake cyclists What a fucking twat, he needs pushing off under a bus. Everyone knows that Cyclists are above the Law and do NOT have to obey the Highway Code, don't they ? Good riddance! Nice one It's a lycra thing they don the lycra and POW  they become super bikers kings of the road answer to none .masters of the highway but won't accept they can still kill people  just the same as cars do I'm a cyclist and the bike had no right away what if a cop saw him do that he would have gotten a ticket on the spot even I let  people pass me when I'm on the road and I let a person go before I proceed Shoulda' just stuck his arm out and knocked him the fuck out. It seems to me that a common attitude among cyclists is the belief that their small vehicles are so nimble and quick that they almost never need to slow or stop.  They assume they will be able to dance around any problem.  This is false and dangerous. Cyclists in Central London are pure evil!!! Ha ha ha the fucking lycra twat got his there At which point I would've punched the pedestrian in the throat and ridden away. Very simple. I kicked a cyclist off when i was crossing. Since lights was red on road side but he decided to go threw thinking i would move away, i was ready for my """"This Is SPARTAN"""" kick...... made me feel great. Ped should have just clotheslined the cyclist. Problem solved well done fella,cyclists think they own the road. He didn't have to do that, he was already in front of the cyclist. Brilliant. Good on you rupert i had a cyclist jump a toucan crossing the other day but i ran out in front of him the look on his face was priceless . pedestrian is a hero Very good. I'm a cyclo-racer myself and occasionally run a red light, but pedestrians on a ped-xing are sacrosant. You just don't do that. The pedestrian's response is fully justified.
Personally, when I am the pedestrian, I regularly overthrow cyclists who do that. My score is eightteen now. This one got away with it, not when I'd been the ped... Good man bloody pedestrian, what a twat absolute tossers Cyclists are idiots I’d kick the cunt off the bike if that was me (the pedestrian), Just the type of bellend with no regard to anyone but himself getting to where he needs to be The cyclist is an idiot but the pedestrian is no better here. Both need to stop acting like pricks and show some respect and maturity All cyclist should have number plates. It would stop this shit. This is why cyclists should have number plates to identify themselves. Yep, cyclists complain at how they're treated by motorists, but treat pedestrians like this. That cyclist shit himself when confronted. The Government has to stop putting its head in the sand and start addressing the issue of cyclists, passing some sort of test, having insurance and some means of people being able to identify them so they can be reported. Cyclists......twats It is a crosswalk asshole cyclists, same rules apply to cyclist as motor vehicles. That man deserves a medal. great I’m a cyclist, ride thousands of miles in a year, it’s the cyclists that think they are hot s__t that are the problem. The worst thing that can happen to them is that they have to slow down for something. Not sure if they think they are training for the Tour de France or something. Expensive bike, team jerseys, spent more money than their ability. I have more fun passing them on my cheap old bike. Pisses them off to no end. Damn right!  The rules of the road apply to cyclists. I'm gonna walk with a just bought broom and accidentally swing it between the spokes I see this all the time, queen should give this man a knighthood Good man The ped should dress up as Gandalf the next time he does this.
YOU, SHALL NOT, PASS! I'm mainly a Pedestrian (except when I use public which is once a week maximum) & I will probably remain one my entire life. I approve of this video. I wish I could do this to idiotic cyclists & drivers. Another bastard cyclist disobeying the rules of the road , well well what a surprise. A hard clothesline would have been satisfying Well done that man. Arse hole bi cyclist. Well done Brave guy to upset the lycra Taliban in public... Bloody cyclists in london are a menace Excellent. bicyclist needs to grow up. i’m sure that if someone took his R/W he’d be speaking out!
the old gent needs a cane to put through the spokes next time! Well done that man...cyclists are the surest people on the roads Well done that man! That cyclist broke the law but when will we see them prosecuted for their offences? All cyclists finger cats. Cyclists fucking sick of them
Think they can go and do whatever they want. Brexit, init? One nil to the pedestrians Fucking dick pedestrian. I would have Busted that Mother Fucker with my Left fist. Take a nap grumpy fucker. Well done that man. Road Rats And give the pedestrians you be there all day. 1 would have twatted the bastardd and smashed up his bike Well done that bloke for standing up for the rules of the road against the lycra clad entitled moron! Londoners need to start kicking these bike pricks every chance they get. As a city cyclist i'd like to say well done to pedestrian! beef In Poland, this pedestrian would get a $ 50 mandate, because you can not stop or retreat at the pedestrian crossing in Poland. Good on him it's a pity more people don't do the same that way these ignaront, stupid,selfish bastard bike rider,s would learn some road laws  beings as they think they don't have to xx If the guy would have kept walking, he wouldn't get hit. Always someone who has to get offended for no reason. dumb fuck of a cuclist I would have pushed him off then jumped on the wheels till they buckled Here in the colonies, a “zebra” is an interracial couple. This pedestrian deserve fuckin medal Cyclist here. The cyclist wasn't endangering anyone - yes he was flouting the rules, but he clearly wasn't about to hit anyone. The pedestrian was trying to make a point. What a prick. Yes some cyclists can really take the piss. And I think dangerous cyclists should absolutely be done for - ones who are careless and smack into people. They need to be held accountable for their actions. But this cyclist was doing exactly the same as the taxi at 0:04 did! Didn't endanger anybody. Hi. We run a cycling media page of 1600+ followers and growing quickly everyday and a cycling community with 19000 members. We were wondering if it’s ok to use this video and of course give you credit in the Facebook post? I actually cannot believe there are people on here defending this cyclist. Punch him One? Cyclists always think they know best but the pedestrian deserved a swift clip for starting aggro All your comments are incredibly inappropriate. The cyclist calculated how fast the pedestrian is walking. If all parties woulda kept walking nobody would have gotten into trouble. But to say that more cyclists should be dying on the roads is highly questionable and can only come from somebody who’s not into cycling or sports. Yeah it’s the cyclists fault that he didn’t stop and the pedestrians that he stopped - SAD Wonder if he would jump in the way of a Motorist who didn't stop at a Zebra Crossing? didn't think so Well done that man. These fucking cyclist don’t fucking hardly stop at zebra crossings or traffic lights. cyclists think they own the fuckin road. CUNTS I love how these people who are commenting about cyclists' inappropriate riding are the same people who go through red light on a pedestrian crossing everyday without even thinking. Or even more not even on the crossing, just anywhere on the road like the pedestrians own it Cycling should be banned. Long live the car Should have punched the nonse brilliant this happened to me once, but the cycling ended up on the floor after trying to swerve and hit the kerb. His wheel was twisted beyond repair. I told him my van was parked up nearby and asked him if he wanted a lift, to which he replied, yes please. My reply was """"fuk off and walk"""" that cyclist seem like a gentleman i would have shouted with move you dumb fuck Anyone want to give this guy a hi five? I'm a cyclist but would do exactly the same - too many fuckers with a sense of privilege, I bet these people would be arseholes if they were driving too. Well done Why is there always one who thinks the laws of the road don't apply to them? They give the true cyclists a bad name! Get these bloody cyclists off our roads Good, screw that cyclist.  Bike riders have killed pedestrians they run into, so they need to take heed of them as any other road user should. great work by the pedestrian As a cyclist: I say well done to the pedestrian. The rules of the road apply to everyone! I ride a cycle and motorcycle in london but I will never understand some of these cyclists that behave as if they don't know where their brakes are, we really need more enforced laws and on the spot fines for these assholes ruining london.
London is not a race track and you are not immortal. Good man That man deserves a medal, push the prick off his bike Ph, a pedestrian is pissed off at a cyclist crossing but not the taxi? Fuck off with that righteous bullshit. Well cyclists be warned, if I am walking across a pedestrian crossing and you cycle past, I will take great pleasure in stopping you and lifting your front wheel off the ground. Lets see you carry on then smart arse. Cyclist isn't even man enough to discuss it... Keeps trying to cycle away!!! Lol I don't understand what's so hard about yielding to pedestrians. Idiot on the bike should have stopped; good to see someone standing up to him! And the cyclist still thinks he did nothing wrong Lundun culture 🙄 or suits ya right ' ha im class fair play to ya suit Pedestrian 🚶 was right. Good on him for standing up to the cyclist. The cyclist shouldn't ride like that, the pedestrian shouldn't behave like that. Both risked injury to one another. If cyclist would misscalculate or would not brake in time, it could have ended bad. Sometimes 30kph is enough to get serious head or neck injury, break a leg or dislocate a shoulder. 
I'm a cyclist, they're both donkeys. fair play to that man!!! cyclists are fucking cunts Another twat on a bike. cyclists are usually right (most of their bad behaviour is justified by them not blowing out tons of c02 and child killing pollution) but even i would say the cyclist was not right on that occasion. its pretty sick to not stop at zebra crossings and traffic lights. ffs have some common sense ! even though most pedestrians are car drivers, its only right they are given benefit of the doubt. they might not be sick lazy fuckers who have just parked their car somewhere. you know what my my little one and partner were almost across the zebra crossing today and a cyclist didnt stop and almost hit my son. i know its not all cyclists doing this but ive noticed a trend now when some cyclists even shoot through red lights. this really has to stop! WTF the pedestrian was walking away and turned around. the cyclist clearly didn't do anything wrong. Taxi does the exact same thing to him on the other side of the road, it's almost like people see cars do one thing then cyclists do another and blame cyclists. 

If you have to take a couple of steps backwards to get in the way, he wasn't going to run you over... What kind of city requires cycling commuters to dress like Tour de France participants? This looks quite bizarre from a European perspective. I'm a cyclist and I say good for the pedestrian!!!  I guarantee you that if I was there on my bike I would have ridden over and given the rude cyclist a piece of my mind. We need more people like that It's worth noting that most of the cyclists, including the one with the helmet camera stopped, as required by law. Should they be pilloried along with the entitled git who endangered pedestrians on the crossing? Nick the red light and crossing jumpers, people who ride on the pavement, cyclists without lights by all means, plus drivers on the phone, left hookers and those who think I should ride in the gutter, and the roads would be a better place. Now I'm a vehicle, now I'm a pedestrian, now I'm a vehicle..... Well done that man. A lot of cyclists know exactly what they are doing and they are just wankers who think they are doing no harm. But I reckon a heck of a lot of them don't have a clue what they are doing wrong when they run red lights, get up on the pavement to get through red lights or fly through zebra crossings. That is the result of not being tested or educated on the road. Desperately in need of cycling licenses via a theory test and insurance. HAHAHA,,, FUCKING CYCLIST pepper spray NO RESPECT towards the pedestrians. DISGUSTING behaviour.  ( Good job that wasn't a pensioner trying to cross )  It just goes to show there are MORON cyclist about. ( UNFORTUNATELY!!!) & it unfortunately gives cyclists a bad name. But, NOT all cyclist behave like TOTAL IMBECILES!!! Good for him!! well done that man. Cyclists have to obey the law too. top bloke, good on him. The lycra menace must be stopped. Yet another tosser of a cyclist who doesn't think traffic laws apply to them as well. for assholes like that, that don't obey traffic laws, always carry an umbrella or a walking stick to put in between their spokes let them walk the rest of the way, it's a simple concept if they put your life in danger, you put their life in danger, does one wrong make a right, does two wrongs make a right or does it make for a good learning experience. please do not try this. I am not responsible for your actions. good man, walk proudly. What is it with cyclists and their douchie looking lycra? """"it's the LAW!"""" The British are such righteous fucks. Title is wrong it shouldn't be Angry Pedestrian. It should be smart pedestrian blocks stupid cyclist, doing something illegal and dangerous. Good man. that cyclist was a total knob head, gives cyclists a bad name. Just smash the cyclist in the face, if he calls the cops say you were blocking the approach of the bike. good, i was hoping the cyclist was going to fall, too Why look for a fight? There was no problem until someone made a problem yeah, pretty tired of cyclists following the rules only when it suits them, i watched the same thing, two lanes of traffic stopped for an elderly person crossing, bike flies through and nearly knocks them down. had i been in the front of the queue id have followed the biker and told him where to go but i was 4 vehicles deep. he was going behind the pedestrian...yeah that guy is really teaching that biker a lesson lol fucking dumbasses in the comment salty because they can't ride a bike :D I can see a trend starting in which broom handles will find front spokes!! cyclists are twats. Majority of them act like dick heads, so youve earned yourselves the blanket statements. Should have close lined his ass Hero! Good job. Some cyclists need to learn that to earn the protection of the road rules, you need to follow them. The pedestrian went out of his way to stop the cyclist, who posed no risk to him. Why didn't the pedestrian throw himself in front of the taxi at 0:03. Hypocrite! Or the pedestrian was just having a bad day...... lol...thats actually funny Don't ya just hate them. Nice one mate. Some cyclists think rules of the road don't apply to them. Bikers that wear tights never have any respect for anyone and bikers that wear normal clothes are always kind and courteous. This is why i carry a walking stick. just pop it in the front wheel and continue your day. It's people like this who look for a fight then start crying when they get their jaw tested. Which is what would have happened if he tried to pull that shit with me Typical cyclist who thinks he can do what he wants when he wants without reference to anyone or anything and if it all goes wrong they scream victim Good for the pedestrian. Cyclist should be reported. Riding without due course and attention. there was nobody walking beehind that man ? dont understand there was no problemm at all Notice how bad he is at taking the rightful criticism and is just busy with getting going again. well done that man. it's simple common courtesy to stop for pedestrians at a zebra crossing, especially when everyone else has stopped. Cyclist was stupid but the ped was an asshole even moreso . He wouldn't have been hit by the biker but tried to act all high and mighty . Personally I would have gotten off the bike and thumped him and I'm not kidding  . I love cycling and on the roads, but I don't like cyclists who do this or any other law breaking such as jumping red lights. The bloke crossing the road probably experiences this quite often and probably some near misses, so he's rightly pissed off. That guy should have knocked him straight onto his arse. People were allready on the crossing. I ride motorbikes and have laws to follow, why shouldnt toy bike riders too.  And some compulsory third party insurance too. That is awesome, good on him (the ped). another twatty cyclist Come on, cyclists, it's not terrible if you guys cross a couple of metres from a pedestrian, but I see cyclists passing ridiculously close to peds every single day in London. Actually, in the same zebra crossing from the video I have seen a couple of accidents. Cycling is a great way of commuting, but stick to the rules. There is a give way line on a zebra, so you can proceed if the crossing is empty. If there is anyone on the crossing, you have to stop until they have finished crossing. That's what give way means, it is not optional. So in this case the law says stop, not filter, pass carefully etc, it says stop, until the led from the left has reached the central section. But in practice, if the pedestrians were a bit further away, and the cyclist was moving a little slower, I doubt if anyone would be annoyed, and the police would not be concerned. But the cyclist was too close, (the angry ped never left the first stripe) and what the cyclist did was illegal, as confirmed by the police in the daily mail article on this. And in contravention of 'inconsiderate cycling' another offence. That said, the pedestrian should not have done what he did either, technically that was against the rules as well. I expect I will be asked to point to the law, but it's easy to find, just google it on the gov website, page 387 of the rules on zebras. One last comment on this - there are loads of similar videos on YouTube where cyclists make dangerous passes on crossings, and no one defends the cyclist, everyone realises the cyclist is in the wrong. The only difference in this case is that the pedestrian 'tackled' him for it, and people do not like that. But that does not change the fact that the cyclist should have stopped. I think the pedestrian was out for trouble. It is a set up. If the guy was going so fast. How come he could stop even though the pedestrian was trying to cause an accident. Try that in Amsterdam. Correto, tem que respeitar ! Esse não é ciclista é um """"BICICRETERO"""". Highway code Rules 19, 194 and 195.  People complaining about the taxi nobody was crossing, but you can clearly see someone is crossing from left to right plus the guy the cyclist was trying to mow down or intimidate. The pedestrian created a hazard. If a vehicle did the same as that cyclist and ignored the crossing, I wonder if the pedestrian would put himself in the same danger. Either way, I would not create unnecessary danger. The cyclist used his eyes, found a gap and he was even going slow enough to avoid hitting the foolish pedestrian. There was no problem. All laws have their flaws. Pedestrians where approaching the traffic island when the taxi driver went through ( legal)
The cyclist went through when pedestrians where on the crossing which is illegal . Obey the traffic law like everyone else you dumbfuck cyclist, I say this as a cyclist myself, that guy just makes us all look bad. How come it was OK for the taxi driver to do exactly the same thing to him at 0:03? GOTTA GO FAST So are we all just ignoring the taxi driver on the other side of the road that does exactly the same thing at 0:04 as the cyclist does at 0:06? Good on him! Fucker was probably more interested in his Strava time and the Tour de France fantasy in his head. My 2 year old son was knocked down by a cyclist in N4 crossing on a green man because a cyclist thought 'there was no traffic' so he could jump his red light while turning left. I really think London cyclists need to stop their culture of entitlement and danger and play by the rules like everyone else. I have no respect/sympathy for cyclists who have their road 'rights' infringed when they are clearly the vehicle group who flout the law the most. How did your video end up national news? Were you approached by any media person? Ped was looking for a fight. Whilst I do not condone the cyclist not stopping, neither do I agree with the pedestrian's reaction. Post the near miss there did not appear to be an immediate threat to the pedestrian’s person: he had ample opportunity to simply continue on his way, or at the very least, create some space between himself and the person he wished to remonstrate with.

Instead he appeared to double-back only to repeatedly pursue his intended target in a highly threatening manner; including getting in their personal space whilst making physical contact. This to me would be sufficient grounds for self-defence.

And whilst all this is going on he’s stood in the road risking injury or death from traffic. It could have ended much worse for him and not just from someone who isn’t prepared to take chances with his body language... Fucking brilliant! http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/1997/2400/regulation/19/made
'No pedestrian shall remain on the carriageway within the limits of a crossing longer than is necessary for that pedestrian to pass over the crossing with reasonable despatch.'
""""IT'S THE LAW! IT'S THE LAW!"""" etc. The law is that cyclists must GIVE WAY to pedestrians on zebra crossings... which he does (aiming to cycle behind him) until the flat-cap wearing idiot backs up into him, just so he can delay all the other road traffic. What a prize tool that pedestrian is. Typical Cyclist. They want respect from drivers, yet never show the same to pedestrians. Can't we deport them to the middle of the Serengeti, and leave them there?  Bloody Lycra menace. Fuck your momentum - you stop! My idol I would have knocked that pedestrian over if he got close to me like that. Fucking tool Had I been the pedestrian there would have been a small collision leaving the cyclist sprawling on the road, such cyclists are a menace.
BTW I am a cyclist. Cyclists - who also use the same roads as motorists and motor-cycles, should ALSO have to pay a licence fee to use the roads. Think what THAT would bring in Mr. Chancellor! """"It is an offence to wilfully obstruct free passage along a highway without lawful authority or excuse."""" #didntchoosethethuglife f'kin idiots on bikes. Lived in Cambridge and Brighton, both extremely cycle-centric places and STILL they act like entitled pricks. He was going around the pedestrian. What's his problem? Stop a Douchebag UK, good on the Pedestrian to get in that fuckers way and hold him up I don't usually watch twice but this was bad ass!!! Evening Addy, would I be able to use this in my weekly compilation series please. Credit and links will be provided as standard. Kind Regards There's always one on a bike who lets the rest of us down. Well done ped My fault or not, if someone would invade my space like that dude... Oh boy, this would have been on worldstar and not youtube... Dutch version. https://youtu.be/gkTd9cLcVD0 LOL.....Owned. This dude must be disabled 00:41 I come this fast 00:01 What did he expect... He left his shit in the pavement... dont go anywheee Omg that was funny 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 0:14 """"I just hit my head-"""" This idiot fixing the car, for gods sake get a life and take the cyclists words more seriously. Lmao I hit the car with my heat!?!? I don’t think that the high visibility is working Oy vey, hairy Turk is angry. so much gevalt! Hahahahhaahahahahahhaahahah U crashed how u gonna crash lol Look at his face at 0:43 my whole family laughed especially my brothers and me but not my parents or sisters only my brothers Pause at 0:12 Re watch this on a bigger screen. He in fact wasn't bleeding. It was bruised for sure. You F**** blind you can't see me! I crashed. You Crashed? HOW YOU COMING FAST! 0:37 0:38
John Cena has entered the chat No one: 




Ow fock u mate 
Wtf are u doin!?! 0:13, """"What do you mean you crashed, I just hit my head!"""" In deep loud voice sounding as if you have a cold: “I JUST HIT THE CAR WITH MY HEAD!!!” 😂😂 The funnies video ever,  I watch it  every morning to start the day with  laugh, it is like a medicine AH YOU FOOKIN BLINE? YOU KANT SEE MEE? YOU HEET ME I JUST HEET THE CAH... WIT MY HAT! “HOW TOU COMING FAST” kicks bike “DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE” Am I bleeding, no.
Apart from that huge gash on the top of your head mate Why you cum fast If you are the man servicing the car. I bet you guys will be angry too. So put yourself into others shoes to feel the pain. His saliva went everywhere HAHA I cant help but laugh. I know I'm going to hell for it, but I will not be alone.😈 La bu türk muu guys i feel bad for that dude but its kinda funny :D I love how he's put the hi-vis on but he gets slammed into anyway 😂😂 Did anyone see the spit that fell out of his mouth 0:42 can anyone tell me in which country was this video taken? I can't take him seriously 😂😂😂😂😂 WHY U HIT ME CA Man, I wish I could see what happens after. Why are you cycling so fast on the pavement you fucking idiot,  a small child walking along below the wall and you could of killed it. Your a prick and your lucky he didn't smash you up. Cyclists fault he was going too fast this is still one of the funniest videos on the internet imo.. jesus christ I can't stop laughing Sure would be a shame is the cyclist picked up that wrench and bashed the car after this ethnic turd tossed his bike. I’d of at least pretended to be unconscious after nearly cracking the blokes skull, failing that, fake a fit! It's illegal to ride a bike on the pavement... 😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂 w h y u go in f o st m 8? Idk if its because im tired but im lmfaoooo FAHCK EU MOIT. FAHCEK U. YW H U CUMMING FASZTFRSAT? WAGYFTVFBH IEFUBYV WGT Y FCYUJYING COMIGNB FARTS? dON't gO AnYWheRe!  dON't gO AnYWheRe!!! 
 Man this dude😂 he don't sound engish,does he ? Id knocked that goof out he crashed its a mistake it happens no need to throught the guys bike through my bike and get your self drop kicked I have a band aid in my back pocket would that be of any help. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 What is this accent? Maltese?? Here's me if I'm the bicyclist 

The very moment that piece of shit illegal fucking immigrant throws my fucking bike and gets up in my face, I'm throwing hands and his face is catching them. I'll fucking sleep that piece of shit cunt and I would dare anyone to stop me And I’m just here laughing my arse off. The guy with the bike hit him cause the bike hit the brick fence and then he hit the """"triggered"""" man You crashed ...HOW YOU COMING FAST LMAO Your an idiot that’s a expensive bike just throw it twat WY YOU COMIN FASHT did he get arrested for throwing the bike. Isn’t that illegal?Destroying someone’s property... I hate cyclists. They re a special kind of cunts that fella is turkish the funny part is he speaks english while think turkish ahahaha WTF ARD U doing f* DICKHEAD MATE 0:37 His inner TGF Over reaction much... Jeez this is funny af That man can go to jail, for damaging your property and he has a F- in Grammer class How you coming fast !😂 Dun ger anewhere! DUN GER ANEWHERE! “HOW YOU COMING FAST” spits everywhere WHY YOU FUCKING COMING FAST this dood thinks hes tough here in Philippines you cant act tough... lol the he threw your bike and hit his own car with it lol You can obviously see that the hatted Male here is still a virgin I crashed 
u CrAsHeD H0w U cUmMin’ fAsT Fucking restarted fucker The pause between """"Hit the car"""" and """"with my head"""" kills me everytime put on subtitles it will make your day XD DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE I just hit the car ...#silence#   ....with my head 0:13 turn subtitles on hahahahah It is funny asf Should of smashed this arab cunt Kick that freak out our country 0:43 this is what the girls say when i have sex😂 WHY YOU COMING FAST?!! Memes aside, that seriously hurt and you could see the speed and force, they were both lucky I feel so bad but funny at the same timr Why he will call the police Another video cyclist are dickheads and unsafe Y U COMIN FASS?! WHAT TA FUK ARE YOU DID!? Anyone else come from woody and kleiny recreation? Jajaja LOL This dumb boi needs to fix his English What the fuck did u did? Fix ur fucking English u dumbass Where is that Plastic Hat that saves u getting hit xD Basically the same thing happens to me but I ran up a drive way doing a front flip on my bicycle when a m was man going super fast """"30"""" miles an hour on a """"10""""-""""5"""" mile road in the gates community I live in He could have been nice about it “Is it bleeding?” 

*bleeds*

“No”       😂😂😂 It's a fucking accident stupid fuck i'd knock him the fuck out for throwing my bike and keep going. He crashed you dick He crashed you dick Wtf My friend Is addicted to this Hahhahahahahhahhahahaha Pure Turkish  accent👌🏻
AR YU FAKİN BLAYND What the fuck are you did😂😂😂 BRUH Funny lol Boys will be boys He got a cut I saw it Do we know if the cyclist got his KOM. Wheel n tools all over the path?  Your no in India noo pal I thought that was fucking funny lol LOL OMG Y you coming fast !!!!! Couldn't of happened to a nicer man, haaaaaaa!!!!!!! I don’t blame the guy tho I would be pissed too WHAT THE FUCK ARE U DIDD’😭😭😭 Fucking Muslim piece of shit. It was a accident, get over yourself. Im feel pity to both of them,especially the bald uncle 👨‍🦲. That cyclist is such a fucking idiot """"You hit me and I hit the  car... with my hat"""" Good on ye m8 the fuckin gypsy shouldnt be in britain anyway This is in the UK, the cyclist should not have been on the path (this is clearly stated in the highway code) Head on Steele ouch lmfao He need to chill Why you coming fast????😆 Reminds me of my dumb senile ass old grandpa WTF Are you fukin blyat?!!1?1!1? 
You can't see me?
Lol Tell the foreign twat to piss off! Pardon me. But this is so freaking hilarious!! 😂😁😀😆😅😄 you want to be anger but you can't  control yourselves  from laughing. he looks so pixelated.


''YOU DON'T SEE ME? WHY YOU COMIN FASS''
lmao. The cyclist is a fucking asshole, why is he riding on the pavement at this speed, on such a narrow pavement made for walkers, he should be on the fucking road when doing them speeds and riding like an asshole, I'd have grabbed a jack or something if I was the worker, and smashed the cyclist over the head, or called the police!!!

In the UK what this cyclist did is ILLEGAL! and he can be arrested and charged for what he did! 0:07 when ur mom lvs the door open A black man and a Turk arguing is hilarious 😅🤣 Just stupid people the internet just opens my eyes to what not to do. Gee so hard to step off the bike and walk around the corner where there is a clearly a blind spot where the poor man was working on the car. If he would have stepped off he even could have said hi and the whole outcome would be different cause he would not of hurt him. Dumb fucking humans It’s safer on the side walk to ride I’ve been almost killed too many times using these so called “cyclist lanes” just move on the road if you see someone or I step off my bike and walk it if it’s a kid etc, that’s what this guy should have done just walked the bike around the corner. 

This is coming from a guy who rides his mountain bike in Canada all over the place DUDE CHILL THE FUCK DOWN WHY U SO MAD HE CRASHED We need the extended version """"Why you fucking Coming so fast?""""  Words I hear too many times.... I can't hahah, 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Bruh he spit so many times Don’t go anywhere $50 for whoever posts the next couple of minutes! 0:05 did he say fuck you bike or fuck you mate😂? Look if someone hit me in the head I would say: calm down ... continue your way, I accept your apology and I solve this problem ... 👍 I hate that feeling when someone punishes you... Oof Jajaja “Why you fucking coming fast”?!😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 0.5X     0:40 He needs to be reunited with this dude, he’s made him famous Why do some people sound funny when they are mad? 😂 HIGH VISIBILITY FAIL If he gets physical knock em out I'd leave This man jumped between like three different accents 0:07 He Said The F Word 0:07 He Said The F Eord 0:38-0:58 is the funniest shit I ever seen U crashed? HOW U COMING FASSS??!!...WHY U FUKEN COMING FASS??!!
WHAT IS THIS FAKEN, HEAAUH?
WHY U COMING FASS?
I JUST HIT, U HIT ME, AND I JUST HIT DE CAAAR WITH MY HAT!!!
YOU UNDERSTAND WAT I SAYING?!!!! 0:42 play at 0.25x speed, look at his mouth lol He looks like a pissed of child when he yelled “why you coming fast!” Lol Dude needs to chill the fuck out.
Shit happens.

If he threw my bicycle around like that I'd smash his cars windows with his own tools.
You don't touch my property just because it's worth less in your eyes. 0:41 YOU CLERSH? HOW YOU COOMING FASSS!! Legend says HE'S STILL FUCKING COMING FASS! Angry Guy : Don’t go anywhere 
Cyclist: I’m not i am wheezing 😂😂😂😂😂😂 WHY YOU COMING FAST ?! It wasn't really his fault tho This kills me every time Q.. """"Is it bleeding""""?  A ..yes mate , there is a huge hole in your head I can see your brain I think your gonna die,  & most of your hair has fallen out""""! If that dude threw my bike I would’ve beat the shit out of him just because someone accidentally banged into doesn’t mean you can just beat up there belongings it’s the same as if you accidentally scratched someone’s car so they just torch yours Do that shit to my bike your head won’t be the only thing that’s hurting dickhead. Idk why this whole video is so funny he hit him and changed him into a romanian smh you can’t see me?! Are you fucking blind YOU CRASHED ?
HOW YOU COMING FAST
Y U FUCKEN COMING FAST
WAT IS THIS FUCKEN  BIKE so funny poor guy All I had to write was British bicycle crash and this was the first video that came up.  Incidentally, this clip is hilarious when played at 50% speed. I am dying laughing this again and again i just hit the car!


wiff my head!!


lol
lol
lol THE MAN HIT HIS HEAD SO HARD HE SAID F*CK U """"MATE"""", AND WHY U COMING FAST?😂😂😂😂 WHAT THE FUCK ARE  U DID the guy that gets hit is a baby WHY U FOCKING COMIN FAST Y U COMING FAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i always cry from the first second to the last Going to fast not crashed you twat I HIT THE CAR...
....WITH MY HEAD see the spit before he throws the bike hes prob over here as in illegal anyway aswell does anyone notice the spit that comes out of his mouth LOLOLO HOW YOU COMING FAST LMAO Looking for a claim the dirty foreign cunt Angry arab WHY U COMIN FAST Y u cum fast? “Fuck you mate” does anyone know if the car was OK?  It didn't seem to mind very much....asking for a friend I'm on the side of the guy working on his car. It's illegal to cycle on the pavement in the UK. 

From the Highway Code: “You must not cycle on a pavement.” WHY YOU FUCKIE COMMIE FASS? GET TO DA CHOPPAH Wheres the original video? this is not the full version~!!! Thats funny as hell. Man he was 😤 Triggered A nut on a bike was goin nuts and smashed a guy on the nut sending wheel nuts flying and the victim went nutty and kicked the guy in the nuts. This is so funny 🤣   Sorry I crashed 😂 what do you mean you crashed 😂 0:38 Yeah I would’ve kicked him in the balls and left after he threw my bike. Is there a longer version??? this is to funny This is the funniest shit on YouTube Yo these comment made my jaw hurt 😂💀 Ice:come with us
21savage:I'm not going anywahare 😂💀 0:34 He is calling the police just because he hit him wow I would just leave... That guy is dumb and his car is pure shit lmao Funniest Shit Ever 😂 Ok dude, you throw my bike and start yelling in my face, your head will be hit next with a fist WHAT THE F*** ARE U DOING 
the he said it tho it kills me😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣 This is the funniest 😂 video I’ve ever seen even though i watch it 20 000 times LOL Super Mario sounds really pissed. Lmfao as a Turkish guy I can assure you that he’s %100 Turkish :d Why you coming fast!? dumb cunt already had brain  damage 00:37 thank me Middle eastern men are always violent! It’s called an accident, it happens! No need to go ballistic *riding the bicycle and crashes

""""sorry""""

Just simple


""""WTF ARE YOU DOIN' ?!!!"""" So dramatic Why you fucking coming fast? WHy YoU CoMiNG SoOOo FaST Ahahahahahhahahh I think the man with the yellow jacket is turkish and i am sooo going to hell for laughing because of his ascent Whyucominfass?????? I kinda feel bad for the man in the vest because look he’s changing his tire, probably has to be some where and is really stressed Is it bleeding? 

Ermmm No 

*blood dripping* That bike rider is a straight up dope. I would sue the guy on a bike Aaahaahaahaa-haahaahaahaa!!! OMG WATCH IT ON 0.25 SPEED ITS HYSTERICAL WHY YOU CAMIN FASS!?! I HIT THE CAR WITH MY HEAD!.
I was in tears YOU CRASHED?!
HOW YOU COMING FAST




WHY YOU FUCKING COMING FAST??? “Wuyumin you crashed” 😂😂😄
“Is it beleeding” 😭😭
“Are you fucking bulind” 🤣🤣😂

I feel sorry for the 3 of them including the Bicycle 😂 Don’t go anywhere don’t go anywhere don’t go anywhere!! Don’t go anywhere This sounds like gru from despicable me 0:50 Did anyone here the angry man say what is this facking hit what the fuck are you did If he threw my bike after the guy said sorry I would of slapped the taste out of his mouth...arrogant prick How did the guy record this? And the other guy doesnt even ask him to stop recording? Push him and run my guy that easy 0:42 gets me every time it's his fault he was sitting on the biker's way He looks like an orc. ridin on the pavement and still manages to smash into a wall lmao what a total bellend haha fair play to the guy though throwing a bike one handed like that by the handlebars is pretty impressive The guy on the bike is a fucking cunt Why you coming fast Lmaoooooo """"how you coming fass""""? He is SAVAGE Here’s the thing , do u wan to fight , throw a baby tantrum , or call the police . Fucking pick one .   I punch indecisive people for fun dawg if he slap my bike that way. iam gonna hit his head agian and again and agian and again Why does he make hhhcckk sounds when he speaks??? Whckky you hcckkkoming hckkfast? What kinda animal is he anyway? A foreigner? Bro I’m laughing so hard 😂 This shit is fucken hilarious it never gets old 😂😂😂😂😅 And this is the reason why you always have to wear a helmet I crashed why’d you crash I just hit the car am I bleeding no I’m going to call police HOW U COMING FASS?! U SEE U SEE U JUSS HIT ME ON DA CAR.....WITH MY HEAD Eastern Europeans... always has to shout and make a drama out of every situation.. it was an accident. get on. What you want?? Try to sue him for 200.000$ you scum. I feel bad for him A guy hits his head. Then he proceeds to throw someone’s bike Calm down asshole It's a accident If people didn't ride their bikes on the sidewalk, then we wouldn't have videos like this! Literally invented like 3 memes shame he crashed and was put into the situation but stupid judgement on the cyclist part. As accidents go he could have cause something major here..and its not like he's got insurance to cover something like this. ouch! guy is a bit of a drama queen LOL was the mechanic arrested for intentional property damage ? side walks are not for fixing cars. If I was mechanic I would said: it's fine mate, its happend to all. This moron should be fire I also think he needs anger management.🤔 I think he got a concussion he was drooling.🤔 I just hope this ended with handshaking and laughing this off in the end. Accidents sometimes happen and we need to learn forgive each other. :D Why you going fasst. Jesus christ chill man it was an accident and you arent permanently injured making a big ass spectacle out of something minor. oh, brown people. would be nice if we didn't have to live with them. Tell him mate you cant trough my bike 🤣omg this video is awesome How you coming faasstt!!!?  Why the fuck you coming fast!!!? Good thing the guy hadn't already flipped out about the job as it usually happens to all of us, it would have been much worse. Honest mistake, but dude overreacts and throws his bike while drooling lol Well he deserved it Its fun to watch this Lmao Guy who got hit youhi The guy that got hit is a legend. I swear I never laughed so hard. Hope he is ok, but damnmn😂🤣 🤣 Anger issues next time when going under a car may be you should wear a helmet hahahahahahah This is why you wear helmets.. stay safe kids 😂😂😂😂😂 turk Omg this was funny.!he got so pissied. If he would have been crying it would not have been funny. But he got so pissed off. 🤣😂🤣😂 WIY YOU FUCGINK COMGIN PWFAAD this guy def hits his wife Im dying of laughter here, first of all when he asked if he was bleeding the cyclist said no and he was bleeding and second of all when he screamed at the cyclist and threw his cycle 😆😂 Lol i love the way he says """"With my head"""" lmao One. He’s riding on the sidewalk at a pretty decent speed, UK is pretty pro cyclist from what I understand.. shoulda been in the street. TWO. He grabbed his bike after saying sorry as if that dismissed him from the attack. THREE. Like I said, ATTACK. This man ran into the guy and told him he wasn’t bleeding when he was. Pretty sure you can actually get fined for riding on the sidewalk. This douche is going fast and can’t even clear a cut corner.. one of the easiest corners to take. This guy was in the wrong and the mechanic had every right to be upset. The cyclist was trying to run off That wouldn't have happened in Turkey. Dude, that's why YOU DON'T CYCLE IN THE SIDEWALK. SONIC IN THE REAL WORLD






""""WHY WERE YOU GOING FAST?""""

""""Sir, i gotta go fast"""" the guy who got hit was really rude to shout at someone for crashing into him >:( AND-THROWING HIS BIKE >:( DISRISPECT! I really wanted the bike to bounce and smash a window when he threw it 😂 Looks like the start of the good porno to me. eww he's spitting. Man: is it bleeding? 
Cyclist: No
DIES OF LAUGHTER LOL """"wha da fu u doon"""" That guys is defo turkish its when u rage thinkin exact same with turkish lang while speakin english :DDDDDDDDDD What a cunt, it wasn’t on purpose.. Why you commmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmminhg jhfassast Cyclist on the pavement?  Sounds old enough to be in the road. Sorry I crashed Are you blind you can't see me!?!? 😂 LOL Are you fucking bolai (blind) 😂😂😂 dont go anyweah DONT GO ANYWEAH DONg GO ANYWeYAH I cum fast too... my parter doesn’t rage. foreign cunt Southwold?? Bu Türk yalnız çok belli jskdjjdjd🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷 What the fuuucckkk how was this 1 year ago😨😨 It's marketing me cry 24 secs in and 0.5x speed lmao Punch him in the face. That simple. It was an accident with very little implications. Just knock dude out and ride off. Haaha can become in a meme Dis nigga need to chill so all the comment is
1. quoting """"why are u coming FASS"""" etc and the cyclist guy.
2. debate why people put hate on """"FASS"""" guy
3. Sidemen gta video
and no one want to talk about the fact that the cyclist hit the corner of the wall My boi is on some thanos shit. Dont go anywere I JUST HIT YOU HIT ME AND I JUST HIT THE CARRH VID MAI HEAD Did u see the spit when he said FAST Funniest video like if u agree The legend says that man has still not gone anywhere since that day DONT GO ANYWHERE Legend has it the cyclist put the guys head back in the wheel arch WHY YOU CUMMING FAST? Are you Faqnn blind do you zeee me? 0:34 
is it bleeding 
no  


yes it was LMAO He got caught off guard jacking off! Cyclists are so arrogant...he didnt even apologise properly, seemed to find it funny. This became such a BIG mem Don’t go anywhere Whose seen the rap? """"u cant see me"""" lol I got hit by a bike today as well :( Why you coming fast 😂😂😂😂 This is a meme He's rightfully pissed.  Rider shouldn't have been bombing down the goddamn sidewalk.  Lucky he didn't punch you out. Oh that's where the 'Why you coming fast' thing came from Lol I mean....what are the fucking chances of that happening :D Türk olduğu niye bu kadar çok anlaşılıyor onu anlamadım I wonder why he cut the video short maybe after he cut it he beat the shit out of that fat guy Who’s here from noahnoahs Lol I’m dying HOW YOU COMMIN FAST? """"You can't see me"""" ~ John cena You cant see me his like john cena If GTA ever do a UK version they should edit this guys voice in it. lol hes so loser watch in half speed! People don't go anywhere I just checked it because my friends told me about it don goh aneeweh 800 comment it’s an achievement😂😂😂 I need his hat does anyone know the name or brand? Don't go anywhere! Don't go anywhere! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Doe goaywar I feel for the man getting hit.is there a follow up video of him getting ££££££ in compensation saying that he's whole family was in the car with whip lash. are you focking blind 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷 So predictable, why do cyclists think it’s ok to ride on footpaths?? That fucking asshole nazi hit that man on purpose...hope he called the police and they arrested him for assault. In my school, two students were kept repeating lines from that video. It keeps on and on until the end of school. What retards

I don’t find this funny. Angry man - WHY U COMING PAST??!!
Me (Irl) - It's a path, OH OKAY U WANT ME TO BLOODY WALK LN THE CAR THEN?? """"FUCK YOU MATE FUCK YOU""""
PMSL best video ever Haha lol I just heet.....You heet me, and I just heet the car 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣.  (Pause)
With my head 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Why is this blowing up after 1 year ??? This guy needs to calm down and let the Sky Go Angry bloke: Are you fukin blind, you cant see me.
Cycilist: i crashed My whole class says this Suck it old man Not the full video. I came for the bit where he told the cyclist “why you not get buz” 😂 YOU NO SEE ME HOW YOU COMING FAST?

WHY THE FUCK YOU COMING FAST?

Ah, the questions of life Hi 
Serdar Yorganci, I am messaging from a television production company called Attaboy TV. I am trying to get in touch with the original owner of this clip for a new TV series we are making. Could you please e-mail me at chris@attaboytv.com ?
Thanks very much! All the best, Chris Lmfao still funny Deadddd 🤣😂🤣 my man did that on purpose y u coming fast 😡 “Sorry i crashed” 🤣 I would love to see the next 30 seconds of that video! lol Man made a Instagram account unno @ferdicomingfast 🤣🤣😂😂 IM sorry but he can't exactly go that angry I get he just hit his head but it was an accident and the biker lost control he said sorry about a million times Are you fuckin blind you cant see me !!! 😝😝😝😝 When your girlfriend is on her period I feel sorry for man on bike like He nearly ended up wearing the car wheel as a hat, poor man. 😂 The guy probably hit the top of his head on the shock absorber, or a big nut, anyway that hurts like a bitch he handled it well When you can't last as long as she wants

Her: 0:42 0:10 dafuq u do
0:23 don’t go anywhere
0:33 is it bleed?
0:38 are you blind
0:43 why you come fast?
0:45 why dafuq u come fast
0:50 bye bike
0:54 you hit me my head hit car 0:37 Don't go anywhere Are you blind you can't see mee!? Dont go anywhere I JUS HEET U HEET ME Haha fucking foreign cunt Some say the man on the bike hasn’t gone anywhere and is still standing in the same place. #DontGoAnywhere Are you fucking blind can’t see me lmao Don't go anywhere 0:22 fkin typical evil inbred vile musl!m cunt im in uk just like these guys in the vid and can say 99% of musl!ms are just like him..pure evil.. god bless tommy robinson ♥ Was hoping to see the cyclist get KOed. Personally, I would have done a lot more than throw that childrens' toy on the ground. Why you coming fast I hit my head on da car 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Your head was bleeding ''I'm I Bleeding ''?
No your not


Dude  JUST LIED RIGHT THERE
I SEE A SPORT OF RED BLOOD 
XDD this is my uncle no joke he always shout's and act's like this 
oh my god ;=; you hit me and i hit the car with my egg Omg the spit pisses me off DON GO ANYWHEREEEE Why u fucking coming fast R u fucking blind you cant see me Are there similar videos to thus ArE yOu FaCkInG bLiNd??

YoU cAnT sEe Me?? why you come so fasssssss!!!!! Are you blind, you cant see me Fack yoo bike I almost forgot to watch this today i just hit my head FUK YOU.           WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING CANT YOU SEE MY HEAD?              DONT GO ANYWHERE.           ARE YOU BLIND? YOU CANT SEE ME?!            WHY YOU GOING FAST??           WHY YOU FUCKING GOING FAST Who’s here again after the guy who came as the man for Halloween? LOOOOL “dongo enweh, dongo enweh” """"My head hit car"""" """"Don't go anywhere' He went from english to gibberish ARE YOU FUCKIN BLIND YOU CAN'T SEE ME?! Turn on auto captions and go to 0:15 """"am i bleeding"""" """"no""""
little cut on his head Fugh u. Wat do fugh r u doin...LOL Are you bulaynd 😂😂😂 'Do you understand what im saying?'Hahaha the fuck i just write """"u cant see me meme"""" expecting john cena meme then what did i get? u cant zee me Pachara only people who inderstand Punjabi will know wat that means I watch the video every single day at work, it cheers me up to no extent """"WHY ARE YOU COMING FAST??!! WHY ARE YOU COMING FAST??!!

Someone should meme this with an unsatisfied woman disappointed with her man's performance in bed. 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Don’t go enywhere 5x Dongowhenwhere LOL That guy deserved it. Fark u mate DONT GO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Are you fucking blind you no see why you fucking coming fast Why you fucking coming fast Are fucking blind yo that dude in big trouble the cops on him like no he had no right to throw your bike you just said you accidentally crashed recorded on camera “You can’t see me, are you blind?!”😂😂😂 the boys at my school say this all the time😂😂😂😂😂 HOW U COMING FAST The guy recording should put a claim in anyway, the guy under the car had his tools laid all out on the path or should've kicked his car off the jack throwing his bike around like that 0:38 Cunt shouldn't be repairing his car on the public highway/kerb anyway, I remember years ago of an old woman falling over a mass of spanners & high pressure air hose all looped up in the way, bloke said ''watch where you are walking''.... Tosspot showed no remorse and never even helped her up, he was then set on by another man behind who was the old woman's son. U CANT SEE MEE Who came from instagram DON'T GO ANYWHERE Southwold🤦🏽‍♂️ He’s literally bleeding and the guy says he isn’t 0:34 I just want to know what happens after hahahahaha that fggt at the car Lol you commit no crime, and then he intenitally damages and temporarily steals ur bike. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever seem Mr riley When he first hits him """"Fuck you mate"""" 😂😂😂 Why u bully me. Why u coming fast. I wonder wat the next ones gonna be. If that was me and he threw my bike damnnn i would fuck him up even more This is why you dont ride on the pavement Why was the prick cycling on the pavement  I taught you cunts own the road """"Sorry""""
""""Faaaaark you mate""""
00:05
Pmsl! get your kalkalash Could you be more unlucky 🤣😂🤣😂 Hahahaha hahahaha lol WHAT AN ACCENT, i fell in love this accent Why u fucking coming vast Don’t go anyver The cyclist should have been in the road not on the pavement. Why is he screaming like a Idiot..it was a Accident 😅 SOMEBODY TOUCHA MA SPAGHETT

YOU CRASHA THE BIKE I HITTA THE CAR Hahaha you actually hear his peanut head hit the car Cyclists should learn to ride a fucking bike 👎🏼 Should of knocked him again lol. Fuck back to banana-land """"and I just hit the car with my hat!"""" I laughed of this video from last month hahahaha in my head it aways remind me this video WHEN YOUR MOM TELLS YOU TO TAKE OUT THR TRASH 0:43 Cyclist going to fast how he crashed Biker should  on the road  ? ⛑⛑🤣 people are just blaming the cyclist here.... yeah I agree he is largely at fault for riding his bike on the path... true.... but the guy shouldn't be working on the car the way he was in public roadside... the job he is doing needs to be done in a garage on on someones drive way or some sort.... if I had a guy come out to fix my car I would tell him he's at risk for working in a public roadside.... LMFAO...funniest crash ever... Splatter spit splatter dribble FASS dribble spit HED ''YOU HITH ME""""
"""" AND I JUST HITTH THE CAR !"""" Lol he was so mad i thought he was going to suicide bomb I love this, poor guy changing wheel, cyclist was a cunt for riding on pavement Who else is here from eo german This is so fucking comical hes literally turkish m8 What's wrong with that man, it's was an accident The internet needs to find these guys and thank them Who's here from eocrossover's instagram The guy who banged his head on the car was infact very lucky. If the car came off of the jack it could have crushed his head in the wheel arch! 😱 Sorry. If I did that I would be extremely apologetic. Once he grabbed my bike and started spitting in my face I would have beaten him unconscious then ridden off without any guilt. I just got hit hard from another cyclist I was to partly blame because I never hand signalled a left turn , and he was close behind going pretty fast himself , and this was on a bike path ; a shock to me . That guy could be seriously injured and the guy on the bike was so in the wrong . He is probably trying to figure if he should phone the police hagd RIP UK Serdar abi türkçe niye yazmıyon THE BIKER DID NOT MEAN TO CRASH AS HE LOST CONTROL AND THE ARAB GUY DID MEAN TO THROW HIS BIKE  AND SHOUT ,WHAT CAN POLICE DO ??? You hit me and i hit the car... THIS is seriously one of the best videos I ever seen lol. Lmfao """"WTF R U DID"""" lol It's pretty clear that he got brain damage from that. oi I would bop that cunt if he launched my bike like that Don't go anywhere Watch what the fuck you doing. Why did u end it noooooo hahahahaha the secind my bike hit the floor he would have been dead OMG that was hilarious!! Should have taken his bike so he cant do this again... if they want to ride around on bikes like children treat them like children %100 Turk 😂 it's even funny :D He Suffered Angeritse Whaht tha fachk are yu duing wat the f u doing spits u just hit my head on the car I truly fucking love this video, it could only have been bettered if he was milking a cow instead of fixing his shit box... Can't stop laughing... i honestly went from like """"oh my fucking god man is he okay??"""" to """"fucking kick his ass"""" if he had a chance to see the gopro footage ill bet he would shut the fuck up loudmouth bitch Bu adam 100% Türk Subitles xD Instagramdan gelenler bi el sallasin Clearly sivasland - yozgatish - east turkey attitude who works probably in kebab shop. He waited for his blood going back to his brain again and ask the idiot you heat me - i heat the car. That idiot was probably shocked with the accent and behavior of Turkish man The man is definitely from Turkey. Kormusun aminakodugumun diyen baska millet olamaz:) Eksiden gelenler. he is Turkish Adam tam. Türk Where is the second part i wanna see Shouldnt be riding on the pavement for a start. If I was that cyclist I would have been off. Fuck if he's injured or not, why should you care if he's nothing to you? ow that must of hurt its kinda funny tho Hahah This vid is one of my favourite it’s so funny 😂 0:49
if that was my bike, that dude would have been absolutely dead (not litterally, but you know what i mean) Biker/cyclist: """"this is clearly the car driver s fault"""" I hope the cyclist got a slap for this totally needed a slap shouldn't be on the pavement or the road Haha that was so good Guy in the green is Turkish I am amazed that he didn't kill that cyclist there and than.  I knew him personally for very long time. He would lose his temper instantly and beat the shit out of cyclists He is wearing a safety jacket and stil he hit that one guy😂 Its illegal to ride on sidewalk where i live, therefore i think the cyclist should get a bump on his head too... Don't go anywhere...legend has it he is still there I'm no expert but that man appears to be very upset🤣 That not the full video this video has been edited and tampered with. The cyclist is responsible for injury to the pedestrian The Pedestrian could press charges  on the cyclist for assault and use of a deadly weapon on the pedestrian. That man is a b*tch I want to see the part two please haha Learn English with Mohamed: Chapter One The cyclist shouldve ran before things got worse. Why is the cyclist on the sidewalk? nice mountain bike .... 0:49 oops The cyclist barely reacted lol watdafak ar yu doyin
dongo eniwe
ar yu fakin bılaaaynd
ay just hit di ka If he threw my bike like that, I would of beaten the fu**ing sh*t out of him It's illegal to ride on pavement unless shared/cycle path Speak English beoch anyone from the sidemens gta video hahah I would've broken his nose...then throwing my bike would be justified... Riding on the pavement is illegal, and more importantly, dumb af And businesses located in the UK employ these people instead of British citizens................The guy spits on himself when he shouts, doesn't clean it off and can't even speak English properly. Fuck the British people who pay taxes and live here. YOU'RE HIRED!

Apologies for anyone who is offended by the fact I told the truth. He drools so much Where is the place I recognize it so much? He's spitting everywhere Jesus christ well, at least the guy had a hi-vis on. I'm sure he has something in that tool box for those spokes. should have killed him with a tire iron Isn't he biker supposed to ride on the rode and not on the side walk? Good job he had that high visibility jacket on! In daylight..on a residential road..parked safely:....standing on the pavement  ....good job he took all those safety pro cautions!! Wouldn’t want to be hit by anyone! 😂 “ WHAT IS THIS FUCKING HUH ??” Stupid arab, I would hit him for his screaming. eeeeeww, he spit all the time around! i u fucking blind I would have been pissed, but not this pissed. And that’s one of the reasons it’s illegal to ride on sidewalks I would fuck him up if he would scream like this to me after an ACIDENT !!! Brexit Britain 0:39 YOU CANT SEE ME!! 👋 The twat should pay for any damage he caused to the bike when he threw it! V A T I S S I Z F A C  K I N G S H I T Dont go anywe!!!



Are e you e fu*** bind!! lol The Great Cornholio What the fuck are you did??😄😂 Mehmet He has hit his car with a hat??? ;) I love how he slobbers when he yells. He came TOO FASS Fucking foreigners! he has no rights! I hate cyclists but the cyclists should of decked the bastards I actually found this video so funny GUY CALM DOWN IT WAS AN ACCIDENT! 😂 Looked like millfields in  Clapton Id knocn his ass out for throwing my property My kid show me this video. He now goes around the house quoting lines from this eg. A R E  Y O U  F U C K L I N '  B L I N E ? ! ? YOU CAN SEE ME! lol funny video, best bit is seeing spit flying out his mouth in rage. the victim was an arsehole but the cyclist didn't seem remorseful with his hollow apology. Also throw my bike like that you gonna get chinned I would of said waaa thaa fuk you leave that wheel Inda path! I just hit wheel then hit you and you hit da car! Hahahahaaaaa Wow, that cyclist is a real fucking prick!  He barely apologizes and tries to excuse it with """"I crashed"""" as if its just a normal thing that shouldn't matter.  What the fuck is wrong with these arrogant spandex wearing cycle terrorists?  He should've been bicycling in the road anyway!  Fucking PRICK! He sounds like a right spastick idiot Sorry, but I cant stop laughing when your pedal hit the wall and slide Funniest video ever! ....... u should have asked him if you could do it again as the go pro failed to record it...lol 0:44 WAE YOU FUCKIN COMIN FASS i hit the car WITH MY HEAD ! is a bleeding It's soooo simple.... bikes on the road.... and people on the side walk! People trying to be special (retarded) it's not funny. Lucky it wasn't a child. I'm a cyclist and I'm sick of road rage caused by a**h**es like you! """"WHAI U COMIN FEST"""" threw his bike on the floor 😅 Pleeeeeeerease!! I gotta know what happened next!! Don go newerrr bawhawhawhaw - biggest laugh of the night! How did it end? What a pathetic apology, """"sorry."""" lel, no shit he pissed off He's lucky his head didn't split in 2 but was ok enough to fling that bike with one hand. """"What the fuck are you did?!"""" Why the fuck did the cyclist post this? To prove how dumb they are? Aren't you fuckin cyclists always bitching at the world to follow the rules of the road? Why the fuck were you riding on the sidewalk? Your entitlement and stupidity caused this poor guy an injury for no reason. The safety vest couldnt save him you cant ride a bike around a corner without crashing what are you retarded or 7 years old ? that's why you should cycle on the road. fucking muslim needs a headbutt mofo he wants to throw his bike, so id break some of his windows. fuck that slobbery fuck The cyclist actually hit the wall before the guy and lost control so it's kinda nit his fault but he was in the sidewalk\pavement “Why you coming fast” The guy he hit sounds Turkish? This is one of the best fucking things I have ever seen 😂. <3 Premises I'm here from Premises channel.
Funny as f**k video!
I'm pretty sure it's illegal to work on a car on the public highway unless you are a breakdown service and I didn't see an 'Angry Man Recovery' van nearby! I just gotta ask?
What was the end result?  And ya, I'm here because of Premi... Why you coming fast!!! Why the fuck you coming fassst!!!!! Lmfao 😂😂😂 cyclist should be charged with assault. what happened next? What happened after you stopped recording? Just seen this over on Prem's video. Could you be anymore unlucky there.

I completely understand his anger as that probably hurt, a lot...However you should have corrected him, you weren't going too fast at all, it was just misjudgment on the corner. When he threw the bike should of smaked him bro I came just because of the sidemen Hey pal, can I repost this on my YouTube channel? i feel so bad for both of them lol I would of punched that dude in the face after throwing the bike i saw this video before and didnt think it was that funny, the sdmn made it jookeeees Vikash Ramsamooj eu socava a cara desse idiota o cara caiu nem machucou a cabecinha da princessa WHY U FACKING COMING FAST!? I JUST HIT U HIT ME AND I HIT DE CAR WIT MY HAT! I am here from the sidemen vid """"don't go anywhere"""" Don’t go anywhere What an idiot Fack you m8 guys got rabies At the start when his heads jammes up the wheel well 😂😂😂😂😁 aaahhhaaaahaaaa The comments just make me laugh even more 'Fuck you mate' in a generic english accent ... next line ' fuck you' in his normal accent hahahahahaha Fack you mate! Dont go anywear😂😂 u can’t see meh? FUCK HUGH, MATE! What did the wolverine do to him..? I don’t think the high visibility vest is working https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8-79hKl88ZBR1TBKkAYAuQ Why does the video stop??? is there a full version? BLIND ARE YOU FUCKING BLING hilarious! Dont blame him for getting mad Dont get on ur bah This is funny as hell. stfu up about side men ur all sidemen, Ill have u know i found this whilst looking for bus crash videos DoNt gO AnyWheRe When he fucked your bike away you should of smacked him one!!! It was all fucked up at that stage anyway. You got me I got my head! Brill. Hhhhhhhhhhhh XD ARE YOU FOCKING BLIND, YOU CHANT SEE ME? LOL Don't go anywea Why u comin' so FASS?! Nice. Fuck cyclists in general. YOU HIT ME

AND I HIT THE CAR

WITH MY HEAD

YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I'M SAYING? Sidemen Video? This video is so fucking funny.

Look where mechanic gets hit fucking head hit 😂 The mechanic's in the right though tbf Why does he sound like Arnold Schwarzenegger at the end when he said 'I just hit the car...with my head' lol I'm dead Ennit he sounds like Arnold Schwarzenegger when he says 'I just hit the car, with my head' at the end😂😭 """"Don't go anywhere""""😂😂 A persian and a black cyclist is a always a good starting point for a joke. don’t go anywhere People, if you are biking SLOW then you are allowed on the sidewalk. Not every road has a bike lane. If you are fast enough you should be on the road though.
This guy is overreacting too much considering the guy actually stopped and got off. Memes pending 😭😭😭 Sidemen gang Toio bad you didn't crash faster, he's such a bitch I swear if he threw my bike he would get dropped like a Hershey Here from the Sidemen 😂😂 Ay don’t go anywhere Are you fucking blind Anyone else came here from Tobi's (tbjzl) video? 😂😂 VHAT ARE YOU DOING? FACK HUE! Who's here from sdmn GTA Lol Sidemen made me do it sidemen anyone? Sidemen?? Yo, if he threw my bike like that I would beat the shit out of him who came from the sidemen's gta 5 video? Zerkaa told me to search for this...I was not disappointed... Who else is here from the sidemen gta vid tho 😂 Literally...accidents happen...no need to be pissed off. YoU cRASh Y u hitT mE No DoNt gO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONt go ANYWHERE Sidemen brought me here “Am I bleeding?”
“No”

Lol he was bleeding Are you fuking bland , how can you not see me W H Y Y O U G O S O F A S T A R E  Y O U  F U C K L I N '  B L I N E ? ! ? Are you facking blind? Don't go anywhere Fucka you mate the cam guy got shook loooooooool loooool Ахахах, классно он его голову вместо колеса впечатал.))) Краш он блядь))) Anyone got the full version
? douchebiker is at fault. Looks like the jack slipped during impact and car dropped a bit hitting the guy in the head. Guy is justifiably pissed off at the douchebiker. ahahahaha!!!! youu should do a small combination look left hook then + 
right punch and u are free to go XD fuck that pleb, he should have broken his face as well Hate comments are so nice!
I love haters! You are wonderful creatures! All of you! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD Stupid cyclist kill the fucking bikers!!!!!!!!!! Bmw=idiot Cyclist is guilty he doesn't wear a helmet イスラム教徒は、ロバのカートに滞在している必要があります """"Do you understand what I'm saying?'"""" I do, barely… Key question is: What was this moron on bike doing on the sidewalk? Where in the word 'sidewalk' is the 'bike' part? fucking cripple,don't ride a bike if you are too lame for that Its actually normal for someone to get angry if they get hit in the top-center of the head. That specific spot, if hit,  makes people really angry. this is one of the reasons for terror. Now you are to him this accident, and his descendant in the future to you, or your family a bomb from Allah https://ic.pics.livejournal.com/apeyron25/27358271/995/995_900.jpg Debería haber ido por la acera de la izquierda, iba en sentido contrario, y encima se cruza con otro tonto inglés prepotente. What a sensitive drama queen. I am surprised cyclist didn't beat the living shit out of him after he threw bike around. I would've clearly been self defence. Хули разорался ? Лисапедисту надо было вьебать уроду в жилетке. So much morons in comments... it makes me sick

I mean, c'mon, a guy is hit by a stranger, is unhappy about it, and everybody is spewing hate on him! What kind of brain damaged are you? """"It's just a prank!"""" Bewawawawawa :D what kinda question is that? 😂😂😂 so reverse the scene. if the car hit a biker.....cops....insurance...possible case of suing for personal and emotional stress in court.... what an idiot. He deserved a bunny hop to the face It doesn't matter your race, religion or social standing, we can all agree that cyclists are cunts. need a part 2 u just cant ride a bike
u very bad at it fucking beta brits This is why it's illegal to be on the side WALK, you aren't WALKING.. Can you tell model and date of manufacture of this TREK bike? Fucking idiot He just want to help him with car ;-) sorry but this was funny as fuck man :'D. hope you and yer bike are okay lol Funny :) fuck mahomet black vs arab UK, MUSLIM, BMW - TRIPLE AUTISM!!! Dude, calm down, you ain't even bleeding. WTF. Fuck that dude. It was an accident. I would have gave him a real reason to be pissed if he got in my face like that. You can tell he has an anger problem. Hahahahahahaha lmao looooool LadBible brought me here. I know 😂😂 Funniest video in the world , I can't breath You fucking idiot. You could have killed someone. Not that funny if you're the guy hit by the jerk on the bike.  No, it didn't """"cancel out"""" dude. That's clearly a red card Who cares about who is at fault I just came here to laugh at the fat slob get hit! Hahahaha! Fuck that bike rider “keep walking “ cunt hope you get crushed on the road WHY YOU COMING FAST ⁉️ I see cars driving the wrong direction on one way roads all the time... It's good to have the habit of looking both ways when crossing any road! Nothing wrong with the pedestrian, what a dickhead cyclist Asshole cyclist man I would've punched you in your goddamn face. The guts to have an attitude.. You as a cyclist should expect pedestrians EVERYWHERE, not ONLY on crosswalks, but also in between cars you dickhead. He was very kind with you, you're quitte lucky crashing into a kind man. From the beginning of the clip I was thinking in my head repeatedly """"he's going the wrong way, this is not smart nor safe"""" just apologise you wanker, ask the man if he is ok, show some manners you entitled brat Nice mutual agreement. Great how the Universe works. One Love..... No, two. 10/10 would still slap you Too bad this biker didn't get run over by that bus instead. This will be a classic Wrong way idiot. Shame the cunt on the bike didn’t stove his head in and spend the rest of his life on a diet of spoon fed soup two wrongs don't make a right, but that was funny as hell guy on bike is wrong and also an a hole! Actually this ISNT funny he was just crossing the road Not as funny as the Turkish man getting hit Arrogant mofo 🙄  (the cyclist that is) both cunts. You can tell the biker did what the losers do and hit him on purpose.  Didnt even try to use his brakes and saw him coming for seconds. They purposfully hit people so they can be victims. Pedestrian was crossing the road perfectly fine, the traffic was going one way, so no need too look the other way, but forgot about idiots on bicycles going against traffic It’s both of there faults the bald guy shouldn’t have jay walked and the guy in the bike should have been going in the right direction Dont matter of he was using a cross wall yo ass going down the wrong side of street lol Right after the dude gets up old head Henry rides by like, """"You alright?!"""" Classic! That's why Mama taught me to look both ways when I'm crossing the street, NO MATTER WHAT. """"Cancels it out, keep walking"""". Omg the funniest video on YouTube, hands down 😂 “Your going the wrong way”

“Your not even using a crosswalk”

“Your right.” (Damn touché) 

“(Take that you son of a bitch)” Dude u were in the wrong..don't cycle on the wrong side of the road Fuckface, meet your brother Dumbfuck fucking idiot cyclist riding wrong way down the road Wasnt using a cross walk cancels that!Carry on folks Oh shit its the Penguin from Batman Stupid fucking idiots was there a bike lane no! And you were going the opposite direction! I wish the man on the bike would’ve gotten hurt The way he fell I died. You made a mistake and then had the audacity to correct him about 
your bullshit. Stupid ass cyclist. You're a douchebag. """"Carry on""""  Wasn't using a crosswalk cancels that keep walking"""" god this guy is annoying that fucking asshole cyclist needs a swift punch in the mouth As a full time cyclist myself this was reckless and foolish. Totally at fault and should have not gone up the wrong side of the road What a assholes cyclist... I am a cyclist and its because of atitudes like this jerk that bad things happen... Whats up RT fans!!! youre at fault. the pedestrian could be crossing the road. plus he wouldnt expect a vehicle coming from the opposite direction Not funny oof Was this in Finland? that man should have punched him when he started being sanctomonius and mentioned that he wasn't using walkway Weibel wobble but they don't fall down So 2 wrongs make do make a  right? If he had breakfast in the morning, he would of left later and their would of been no accident. Lesson learnt there I feel. Breakfast most important meal of the day and this is why, prevents accidents. What is a cross walk? It’s called a zebra crossing...no? Im a cyclist and im pissed as well ...  should have at least get off the bike and dust off the gentlemen , handshake,  offer  him a coffee,  lunch etc ... give him the buddy treatment . Anyone arguing are fucking morons. Bottom line they both point out that the other one is wrong in some way. then both agree and walk away LEARN FROM THEM FOOLS There is no other answer. Anyone else can get fucked, this is Truth my children """"I think your going the wrong way"""" then """"and you're not using the crosswalk,"""" resolved""""You're right"""" Best fucking back and forth, instant tie no contest. both shmoes but reasonable at least LOVE IT Two wrongs don't make it right. Street Justice Biker: you alright?

Bald dude: yeah, I think your going the wrong way. 

Biker: yeah and your not using the crosswalk

Bald dude: you're right 

Biker: carry on 

That's chill lmao how is this funny???? just makes me want to punch the cyclist. Its even. If he got hit by a car because he was j walking thats his problem. He would not of been hit by a bike if he wasent j walking ether way it sucks to be the pedestrian. Car and bike will win. I like how chill they both were tho xdd Why were you going in the wrong direction? You're lucky this didn't broke out into a fight! this is truly the definition of being a douchebag. Cross walk? Fuckin spastic. You should be shot riding like that. when the cycleist started saying the crosswalk for a 2nd time an keep walking he deserved to get knocked out LMFAO are you fucking dumb Thomas? this is how people should be more often, instead of freaking out.. They both voice they're opinions, and """"carry on""""..  Two grown men Typical douchebag cyclist attitude. Still blames the pedestrian. LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO fucking millennial. Can't take responsibility for anything. HO!!!  WOH!!!  FUCK!!! The real question is, what is more dangerous, not using a crosswalk or cycling the wrong way down a road? It's not funny. I got hit by a bike today. But he hit me a lot harder than that and I'm all scraped and bruised up. This is far from funny. People are just tougher yet more rational on the streets of Center City Philadelphia, what can I say... apparently two wrongs make a right now? you're going the wrong way assface Hes just a stupid bike messenger hipster delivering sensitive confidential documents to that bitch Carol in HR.
And that Fat guy was on his way to HR to bang Carol. 
It all worked out in the end. You know how I know? Because im Carol Bicyclist IDIOT.   Hey dumbass...people don't expect to see moving objects coming from the wrong direction...it's doesn't """"cancel out'"""" you fking idiot. So here's the thing - technically speaking, I would say the cyclist is in the wrong here. It is not generally illegal for pedestrians to cross a roadway with exception to tolls and freeways. In all other areas, it's pretty much legal except where there are signs indicating otherwise.

However, it is not legal to ride a bicycle the wrong way down a one way street, especially weaving between cars and active lanes to do so. Biking the wrong way on a busy street holding the handle bars with three fingers No hands on the breaks with slothe like reaction time. THIS IS YOUR FAULT FATY and this is how things get squashed it happened get over it. but if a black person was involved they would have stood there arguing for the next two weeks So if he was driving a car or a motorcycle In a one way street going the wrong direction and he runs someone over, would it work then if he said *why didnt you use the crosswalk.

Or can they do what they want but pedestrains have to fallow the rules and cross at crosswalks? He looks like a penguin How is that funny? The talking was lol i dont know what people are talking about him being rude and talking shit. i didnt hear that anywhere. people who use bikes should be stood against the wall and shot.. fucking idiots hear him say wasnt using a cross walk so it cancels it out? i wudda slapped him Blame the victim, so like a cyclist. using the crosswalk card?
really?
while driving the wrong way?
omfg.... you should get your ass kicked badly for doing this shit and trying to blame the fat man... what a stupid fuck you are Fuck my knee? 😂😂 typical cyclist douchebag The scary thing is he thinks he has the right to rude that way. Ahhahahah Fucking wrong way on Market he will get what is coming to him one day That ok, I hope he can some how up load his death one day u need to die m8 What a dick (cyclist). I ride every day. This is inexcusable. you're a fucking dickbag Dumb shit bicycler! I'd have beat his ass for that. You were going the wrong way you jackass! But NO! It's the pedestrians fault. Go to hell. fuck you. Word cannot express how much I hate cyclists. Get a fucking car or take the damn bus you morons! All you do is cause traffic and hurt people. the bysclist is dumb Going the wrong way down a 1 way road... hears hoping next time you hit a car coming the other way. AWESOME FUnny hilarious but his ass was going thewrong way@#$!@!!Dominic Leon- -Cycling the wrong way
-Not concentrating
-Cycling that close to cars when you know someone could open their door or pop out from behind

Wanker LOL 2 idiots do make a right It cancels it out. Hilarious nah your going the wrong way  thomas your fault fuck shit. hit and bike!! I run the trails on the mountains here in New Mexico state, and let me just say some cyclists are so rude and act like they own the trails. Smh. the cyclist is a fuckwit, they always think they have the moral highground, but most of them are twats and ignore any laws of the road. going too fast for wrong way Funny lol i believe thats in canada
no offense 0:17 Bwaaaaaahh!!! xD  doesn't cancel out shit """"You're right."""" That's sooooo sad but a little funny lol It was the cyclist fault not the old mans fault and btw it's not even funny it's sad and he's trying to get that guy in like trouble why would the guy look left he has to look right WTF FEGELEIN! I feel bad for that guy who got hurt even though they were both wrong Lol Bikes are considered vehicles (at least in California). I am glad everyone was okay. In the end after the dust settles hopefully learned from it. Nobody is perfect. The cyclist was at fault. The guy should have to look right, not left too. The cyclist was 100 percent in the wrong according to the law. A pedestrian ALWAYS has the right or way. The cyclist was going against traffic and in this case he was operating a vehicle.  He struck the pedestrian and would be fully responsible for any injuries the pedestrian suffered.  The biker has a greater duty to exercise care in this situation. Both cunts, still can't believe that you guys aren't allowed to cross midblock though..... lol most non-confrontational accident ever fuck bikers If you are not using a crosswalk and you get hit by a car/bike, it's 100% your fault. There's a reason for crosswalks on the street.

Ever wonder why? this was a reasonable exchange.  now imagine if it was worldstarhiphop type people they would be trading blows and taking the guys bike I didn't know cyclists are allowed to turn and go down opposing lanes against traffic? :O Oh wait they aren't allowed. Cyclist should have apologized instead of being a douche he was more in the wrong That is not a cyclist.It's a knob head who insults real cyclists with his shit riding. I was In the park today and this kid hit an old man and he fell and he just started cursing but wasent doing a good job at it cuz he doesent speak well in english and I heard him say some racist stuff im not even gonna write....but I have never seen anything like that so it was really scary cuz everybody was so quiet .....wierd..... Cycles straigh up biggest dumbass I've heard of... Not only was he putting that guy In danger. But the cars comming towards the cyclist and himself in danger.. Just stupid I hope you break your little pedaling legs. The cyclist is a first class wanker and that's coming from a cyclist. Jaywalking does not equal riding the wrong way up a main street The cyclist is a first class wanker and that's coming from a cyclist. Jaywalking does not equal riding the wrong way up a main street Douchebag Tired of that elitest cyclist attitude. Going the wrong way doing whatever they want. Notice at the end he feels the need to again verbalize that he wasn't in a crosswalk... gotta get that dig in there. well you're not allowed to bike up a one way street, but it's not a crime to go over a street walk on it, on your own risk. I blame the bike guy. i love how angry people get...what you've never done something really fucking stupid in your life? ever? think about the shit you've done and what people would say... Yeah, the cyclist was in the wrong here. He was endangering others by going the wrong way. dickface biker I'm an ex-courier cyclist I happily flaunted all the road rules. But in this case, I'm on the side of the pedestrian. The cyclist should have been taking extra due care going up a one way street and the pedestrian shouldn't have been blamed for not looking to his left, even though he wasn't at a pedestrian crossing. In all likelihood, the pedestrian has probably crossed that road 100's of times and he walked out assuming it was safe. The cyclist on the other hand knew he was tempting danger.
Cyclist = prick, Pedestrian = win This is how wars should be negotiated... Men, you can be made secure from the flames of hell.
All men everywhere have sinned. What follows our sin is eternity in hell, however Jesus will choose to save you once you commit your faith in him alone.
Jesus Christ is the sinless untainted son of God (Altogether God and Human) who was executed on the cross for our sins, (All the evil things we do) was buried, and rose from the dead.
Entrust your faith in him alone, and he will give you eternal life and he will forgive all your sins. Well that de-escalated quickly. Dickhead cyclist, if that had been me the biker would of got coldcocked I don't think it's technically illegal to cross the street mid-block, but it IS illegal to travel the wrong way on a one way street.  Another D-bag cyclist giving us good ones a bad name. Did this happen in Canada? If your riding on a bike you really should follow the rules of the road. I had a friend got pulled over by a cop because he blew past a stop sign. What if a car had stopped and didn't see any cars and thought it was safe to go knowing that other drivers would stop. Then you have a guy in a bike blast past it and bam, Is the fat guys fault, he didn't look both sides before crossing, it could of been a car. I wished it was a car This is from Pedal. 90's NY doc. about bike messengers: pedal - bike messengers documentary I love how both their wrongs canceled each other out. """"Carry on"""" lmao. i would of opened my car door on his bitch ass for going the wrong way -.- everyone everywhere should just walk always and put crosswalks anyplace...that way...no one will starve. Lmfaoooooooooooooo!!! Dude said """"I think your going the wrong way"""". Yea and you wasn't using the crosswalk """"you right""""....... I'm weak Old man: I think you're going the wrong way.
Biker: And you werent using a cross walk.
Old man: You are right.... .""""
Biker: Carry on...
biker bikes up alittle ways 
Biker: He wasnt using a cross walk. Keep it moving. Nothing to see here.
Bahahahaaa priceless! (: It's funny because it's a fat man and has all those layers of blubber to brace the impact but if it was an old lady that wouldn't be so funny now would it? Bikers need to stop salmoning unless they are gonna do it in the middle of the road where they can see people crossing from in-between cars. Who the fuck uses the crosswalk? I think its more serious if you're going the WRONG WAY.. bikers fault. funny??!? ."""" If only everyone in the world was like this to each other when things like this happen STUPID CYCLIST!!!!!!!! Your such an ass whole bicyclist But you were going the Wrong way? am I the only one that thinks this cyclist is Andy Samberg? I ride a bike.  In Arizona I would have called the police and pressed charges for assault and endangerment.  This idiot knowingly rode the wrong way against traffic laws endangering not only him but everyone else.  TOO bad he didn't run into a car head on. its not only inexcusable, but against the law Agreed. What an ass. While the man was not in a crosswalk, there was no traffic coming when he started to cross. Like anyone else wouldn't, he didn't look to the left because the street is one way. Hopefully the cyclist meets a grisly end and is sent to the depths of Tartarus. Your still going the wrong way dumbass it doesnt cancel shit your a piece of shit hitting old people sorry It would have been funny if the guy on the bike wasn't such a dick rolly polly bug! 0:18 best part I just want to know why this is on video. It's like he knew he was going to run somebody over... Could those top commenters above just shut the fuck up and laugh at this funny concept of the 2 wrongs cancelling out. Seriously, if you don't have a sense of humor, either shut the fuck up or shut the fuck up!!!!!!! Haha totally cancels out @SteveBPDX Here we go with more government interveneion bs. We have enough laws to deal with. We don't need the icing on th cake. Pay attention to the rules and regulations already at hand. If you can't manage walking down the street and looking both ways Lol cancels out! i could careless who was in the wrong or right...that was freaking funnyy!! Come on the bike was going to wrong way when I walk aross a one way I only look one way You should look at cycling infrastructure in the Netherlands So? He rolled like a tennis ball, LOOOOL XD Your accent <33333 X_X lol!! and he's not wearing a helmet Cyclist was in the wrong...this could have happened if the man crossing would have been going to the parked vehicle. He wasn't that far out into the street. pretty sure this is a block from my apt Black dude """" u aight"""" lmfao What a dick he made a funny noise at 17 Respect to the man saying """"You're right"""" and moving the fuck on instead of creating a commotion ^.^ You're still going on the wrong direction man. So if the dude isn't in the crosswalk, you're still in the wrong direction. duh Lmfao! """"Carry on"""" Pedestrians have the right of way. Nothing """"cancelled out"""". Its the """"he walked into my fist"""" defense reworked. 0:17 Cancels that Wasnt usin a cross walk!!! Its ok keep walkin an emergency vehicle perhaps?  a car backing up? A BIKE?  what is the FIRST thing they teach you in grade one? LOOK BOTH WAYS BEFORE CROSSING THE STREET!  aperently you were eating your crayons when that lesson was going on. keep walking onto roads without looking BOTH WAYS and your gonna get hit too man it was ONE WAY road !!! so he just looked right because there CANT be car coming from left (BECAUSE ITS MOTHERF*CKING ONE WAY!!!) and biker was going in the wrong way,.... NOW U UNDERSTAND ? why should i look left when i know i am at one way road with all cars comming from right ? this almost happened to me, the man was riding near the kerb going the WRONG way in a busy one way street. I almost walked out in front. Man it scared the crap out of me. The rider stopped nearby and i went over and told him what a tool he was. Its a $#@@ one way street! And rightfully so yup, but when ya step into traffic without looking he also bears responsibility. like i said before, they are BOTH in the wrong, and since nobody really got hurt i also found this funny :-) obviously his """"judgement"""" isnt verry good. they were BOTH clearly wrong, hence them cancelling each other out.  they teach you in grade 1 to look both ways before you cross the street do you often walk onto a busy road without looking?  the guy was an idiot and i hope next time its a CAR that gets him, then maybe he will remember what he was taught in grade 1, look both ways before crossing!  time to thin out the gene pool dizzy.......... HAHHA"""" ya i think ur goin the wrong wa- YA and YOU werent using the crosswalk, ya your right.."""" """"carry on""""  he didnt use the crosswalk so its all good, it cancels out! HAHAHA thats just how people roll in NY xD Jesus what a douche, its people like him that make it dangerous for walkers. It a street is clear no one would bother with a crosswalk, bareling down a road the wrong way is fucking stupid.

If I was the guy I would of said I was trying to get a cab and report the fucking idiot to his company. The guy shouldnt be in a job where he could kill someone in the future. i think your going the wrong way
Ya and your not using the crosswalk
Your right
over wtf? i wouldnt give up that easily this dudes to nice ahha more bike lanes? ha, dumb ass was going the wrong way, but seeing as the pedestrian didn't look the way that the traffic would not come from its clearly is fault... cities should have more bike lanes in future These guys involved in the incident don't even care yet you youtubers are getting upset? Can't you guys just shut the fuck up and get a nice laugh out of the fact that the cyclist uses math as a means of reasoning and the pedestrian understands his reasoning! Shithead cyclist is giving the rest of us a bad name, riding against traffic on a one way like that is inexcusable, never mind his behavior after. That cyclist is literally a moron. 0:23 speechless man lmao WOOOOAAAAHHH *fuck* I ride a bike everyday to work and identify as a cyclist. In the cycling community people who ride on the wrong side of the road or against traffic are very much looked at with animosity and aptly referred to as 'bike salmon'.

The cyclist was in the wrong here and he knew it. No, it doenst cancel out, if he was a car driving the wrong way and splattered that guy all over the street, weather he was in a crosswalk or not, it would still be his fault. i am a cyclist, but people like this makes me wish i drive just so i can run this guy over. And if that was a black guy getting hit, it would have been a hate crime and Jesse Jackson would have been screaming for justice.. Diz Guy has some Tough Muscles first off, your reflexes are horrible, second your reflexes are horrible and your goin towards traffic?.. moron and your not using a crosswalk......Classic!! that was the most epic win for common decency in the world So in America you're only allowed to cross a road if you use a crosswalk...hahaha, what a fail of a country. LMAO seriously, how do you think of a comeback that quick??? This is the funniest video ever! i think the man was trying to commit suicide hahaha 'you're right, carry on'
so civilized! ahahha he feel like a potato! الترجمه >>> انتبه يادلخ .. جاك شي .. لا ا احمد ربك وبعدين ثاني مره امش بخط المشاة ياحماار .. الشايب ابشر ماصار الا كل خير ...
مايستفاد لو انه عندنا كان صكه بكس ع خشمه وخلاه يرعف ثم حط اصابعه ع سير السيكل ودعس خلا السير يقطعهن ثم يقول له هاه جاك شي .. والله عالم .. هع سوري ع الفلسفه بس تراه مابط تسبدي Well, that was all very civilised. you alright?
yea i think ur going the wrong way?!
yea & ur not using the cross walk
ur right....
lmao @pyromaneak47 You're not supposed to drive your vehicle into oncoming traffic.

Isn't this something we all learn as children? bloody cyclists again >:( If a black guy was riding that bike he woulda gotten beaten, tazed, then sued. the dude riding needs to get fucked up by a big black man.. what a douche lol cancels out its alright keep walking....ahaha the fellow bike rider rinding by asks the guy on the bike if hes ok instead of the guy who got hit funny? @Rdixon8047  why? the man jay walked without even looking. dur dur dur BAM @Rdixon8047 
shut up bitch @Rdixon8047 The fuck are you talking about? It's his job. Nayan Mistry aha little bitch haha look at 0:17 ....cancels out.. its fine he wasn't using a cross walk :/ I love how cool they are with this The moral of the story is look both ways before you cross the damn street i think its very cool that they could solve this peacefully lol, funny!!! hahahahaha the dude on the bike is a pussy Not sure how it's in the the U.S. but in Canada pedestrians can """"j-walk"""" as long as they do not interefere with traffic.  Going the wrong way wouldn't count as traffic as the pedestrian could not expect that on a one way road.  The cyclist in this video should be lucky it was an old calm guy... I would like to see how it would have turned out had it been a younger built mofo who knew how to wreck someone with his bare hands (even better.. get the 5-0 on scene and fire up the assault charges :D). @xxl0v3goldxx OH HEY! @GlobalAssassinz yeah, actually. wait... that old guy. i think that guy's the head of my high school. Poor old guy. Cancels out?!? Erm don't think so. Not sure about the US, but it's probably not illegal to cross a road without a """"cross walk"""", while I imagine cycling down a one-way street is illegal. """"yeah... and you're not in a cross walk""""
""""You're right!"""" @MontyQuickLaser  its u on the bike? damn its kind of a tough hit:P @MontyQuickLaser 
lol thanks! @itsArtNotAcr1me LOLOLOLOL! Wassup art. Love ur beatz man! haha he fell like a fat ass doll. lmaoooooooo that man doesnt even care that he just got hit.. if i were him i would beat the living hell out of that biker @Rdixon8047  yeah @aydx0001 just checked my inbox and you're still a gimp i love how his biker friend asks if he's alright like some fuckin biker alliance is goin on or somethin Whoah that was intense. The dude on a bike is a dick.  I'm a cyclist, and riding the wrong way against traffic, is a dangerous, dick, move...plain and simple! ~aww dis is hilarious what city is this in??? ...gotta love the Internet. And yeah, I'm vigilant ALL the time...nobody else is looking out for my health/safety! Rule of law doesn't assure your long and healthy life. Neither does being careful, but it's the only control I have on it. Or take your prescribed medication? Or visit the doctor once a year? Gimme a break. I this and more and still have time to raise my kids, be a good husband, work full time, finish my graduate studies, play a ton of golf, sleep 7 hours a day, put on safety glasses/ear plugs for yard work & home improvements, gloves for work with chemicals, dust mask for raking leaves, and on and on and on. It's odd though that we agree on the main point, yet we're still arguing. @Shermanicus Agreed, hence the asskicking...his biker friend would have noticed the corporal punishment and remembered NOT to go the wrong way. BUT, dude, seriously? Crippling? I've never even been late because I used my own two eyes to take a SPLIT SECON @Shermanicus If you like the life you are living, you should be willing to be redundant. Don't let some signs protect you from the stupidity of others...common sense ain't that common. @aydx0001 ...,it was a one way street...one would normally find it redundant to check for a rogue bike when crossing a one way street hahah cancels out Two things, first I'd have kicked that biker's ass. Second, I walk downtown almost as much as I bike here in Minneapolis and I've learned to look BOTH ways...the only thing dumber than going the wrong way on a one way is being so lazy that you don't take the split second to look for that dipshit! thats crazy yo ROFL nice. """"Cancels out"""" <---lmao yeah, the guy didnt use a crosswalk but the biker was going the wrong direction.
there both in the wrong. poor old guy that looked like it hurt. Hello mate would it be ok to feature this in a compilation please? it will be credited with a link to your channel in the description as well as your channel name on the clip Hi there! Would it be Ok with you if I feature this clip in a compilation video? Fully credited of course! I'd love to hear from you soon! :) Huh, this is in Southampton city centre, near West Quay. I’d ask to take her out and then some. You know you hit her on purpose to teach her a lesson.  Cyclists do that kind of entitled bullshit all the time when they can just as easily apply the brakes. fucking cyclists........if he was driving a car he would have run her down and then said """"well its her fault!!!!""""......
Cyclists do not ride with due care and attention!!!... so... did you nailed her after all? Damn lol It doesn't look like you tried to slow down. Cyclists and motor vehicles have a legal obligation to stop (if possible) regardless of the expected right of way. Pedestrians also have a responsibility to cross with care. Just because a driver has a green light does not absolve them from hitting a pedestrian. and her phone number is? or do you forgot to ask? just like I always forget to ask the girls. wow...this girl is such a bad bicycle driver ... a danger for others... fuck bike nazis Peds have priority on X-crossing.
cyclist is a useless bint. asshole girl Hey i'm the only one that cant see the man coming? He appears from nowhere? Is fucking ghost?!?! should of had a bell The dumb bitch cyclist with The red sweater possibly failed her driving test as she is clearly not competent enough to operate a bicycle safely. Idiot bitch People need to respect it’s a bicycle lane... thnx that really made me laugh Her punishment should be to be forced to live somewhere with horrible weather like Pennsylvania or Minnesota. Bicyclist fault at marker crosswalk! biker will always be at fault. if you look at the zebra crossings. shark teeth. so they must stop I hate riding on Venice Beach...people are idiots!  They shoot out on the path without looking for bike/skate traffic.  Self-preservation trumps right of way. lol she was weaving around like aclown LOL! I know women are horrible drivers but I hadn't considered that they're equally horrible cyclists :/ Hey Howard, sweet catch! It's not often you get bike crashes on tape like this.Do you mind if I use this clip in my upcoming compilation? Credit and links in the description, as always will be provided. 

Look forward to your response, thanks! bike at fault That girl is stupid. Overtaking on blind corner (pedestrians block the view) and on the crosswalk (i am not sure what say about it US highway code, but in my country this is prohibited if crosswalk is without traffic lights). At 0:16 She clearly see pedestrian trying to cross a bike path and she decides to run pedestrian over ?! GTA V on PC sucks! Even from the start i knew she would have caused it nearly caused 2 at the start. not sure about america, but in the uk pedestrian have priority on zebra crossing. So the cyclist was at fault. she is just unable to ride a bicycle. saw that one comming, she has no idea how to ride a bike. It's California, The streets are the same. No one stops for pedesterians and pedesterians walk right out in front of you anywhere on the road without looking...... I hate this cycle path.  Full of morons. She was passing others recklessly and that man obviously didn't look. Ok Let me get this right. This stupid bitch is cycling a bike for the first time, the bike has no breaks, she can just about keep the thing up-right, she then ignores advance warnings of the """"XING"""", Then when the guys steps out she  attempts to to avoid a collision by  swerving in the same direction that the guy is heading. It could have been a small child crossing. I hope this women never gets on a bike again. that girl was all over the place!! Fucking dumbass should look both ways before crossing a bike path.  The girl wasn't at fault. She does what the sign says. Bring pedestrians down here. How can you be so bad at riding a bicycle? Slow down girl if you have´nt full controll of your bike. she's probably drunk Wobbling + bright XING sign... pedestrian has right of way because of crossing and bright sign Here (aus) those kind of crossings are zebra crossings where pedestrians have right of way, ie everyone has to stop for them, whats it like there?? I mean whats that kind of crossing? She was going wayyy to fast! Odd girl. If it didn't have handle bar brakes, she really should not have ridden quite so fast, eh? woman driver !! =)) This video should be titled “Moron stares at phone while walking into street” bikes dont have brakes?  steering? That looked like a rabbit staring into a cars headlights Pedestrians always have the right a way Stupid pedestrians are more dangerous than cars for cyclists. Why did we need the first 50 seconds of this video?? explain it please. Glad it wasn't a car, or this video would be tragic instead of funny Lol she just stood there pedestrian stops and smiles before getting hit! lol speeding ? 0:53 pedestrian can't seem to understand that bikes can go over 20 mph The Pedestrian is at fault for Jay walking. Jay walking is illegal in San Francisco... Stupid people who jump on the road paying more attention to their phone. Luckily it wasn't a truck but a blessed cyclist instead. tj i was hit by a car while walking. i retained a lawyer and i am suing for personal injury. i have the incident on video if you are interested. Hi TJ, would it be possible to feature this video in compilation on my main channel, #MegaDrivingSchool (with over 55K subs)
Credit and Links in the description hi TJ, Jay here from Box Genius, I'm  interested in your video and would like to feature it in a show we are working on. Do you own this video? Hi TJ , would it be possible to use this video in my US  Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description)) Hey there TJ, crazy clip man! Any idea if the lady who was hit was OK? Seemed like a rough one.
I just wanted to ask you for permission, if you'd allow me to use this clip in my upcoming educational compilation on my main channel DDS TV 2 (with over 40K subscribers)? Credit and links in the description, as always will be provided, so you benefit as well of course. :)

I definitely look forward to your response. Thanks in advance pal! Like a moose in the headlights when did people stop looking both ways before crossing? seriously though normal people use to do it but it seems normality now is to just step out. watch the fuck out for the lady, jesus christ. eh, cyclists do the same thing at stoplights and 4 way intersections so its ok. Didn't even look both ways :/. she didn't even look. Flashing lights and she just looked straight ahead. I'm happy you didn't crash cos you would have got hurt. She should try that move when a bus passes Insane.
In all honesty I find drivers safer than pedestrians.? I've had more close accidents with pedestrians in a week than a car on the road in a year. Personally... I would have been a bit more cautious round front street pubs mate....at that time... lol
But yes she should`ve looked.... I'm sure she'll be recounting tails in the pub of a """"bloody cyclist, flying down the road. They're a menace"""".
Or you could just look before you step in the road. Surprised that one's lived so long. Who could imagine? A bicycle on the road! What's next, phones without wires? i don't know which was more funny, the lady screaming or the guy on the bike saying Jesus ;) Damn bike just CAME OUT OF NOWHERE!!!

Maybe you should put a bright flashing light on the front, or something ;) That was a close one. Nice little """"What happens next"""". Nice reactions! Hehh, so similar to my video: Cyclist almost hit a careless pedestrian :/ I really hate these silly people. no doubt a few drinks in her.. wonder how her driving home went.. Just as well you weren't an electric vehicle. Nearly gave her a nose job there"
