"","x"
"1","And what about cyclists who cycle on pavements ???? Don't you guys have a bell on your bike to alert pedestrians? You should, no problem exists in that case as everybody would be aware of each other. That's not a bicycle lane.  That's a shared use path. Cyclists slow down when you see pedestrians. Just because it’s a bicycle lane and pedestrians shouldn’t be there doesn’t give you the right to endanger people. just go to an empty field with ur bicycle. You shouldn't assume that all the people will follow the rules, especially children Cyclists are the new vermin. What the hell are you biking so fast for, that you can't stop in time to save a child?
Get real bikers, share, watch for pedestrians. Alguien que me explique? Pliis There weren't any signs in that part of the road it's not their fault That girls broken arm is a punishment for having a stupid mother who let her walk in the bike lane...it’s for cyclers only... It's the kids fault and I'm glad she broke her leg :) Why you comin fass FUCKIN TARD! PEDESTRIANS HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO USE THE BIKE LANES. YOU FUKIN IDIOT CYCLIST SHOULD GET OF THE STREET ROAD THEN U FUCKTARD. YOU IDIOTS RIDE ALL OVER THE DAMN STREET NOT TO MENTION BLOCKING THE LANE FOR CARS. HOW BOUT YOU FUKIN LEARN TO RIDE AND SHARE THE FUCKN BIKE LANES MADE FOR PUBLIC USES NOT JUST FOR YOUR FUCKFACE IDIOT. CITIZENS PAID FOR THAT LANE WITH TAX AND HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO USE IT ALSO! So, it's ok for a cyclist to ride all over the streets and getting in the way of cars. But it's NOT ok for pedestrian to walk on a bike trail? And you blame a child for getting hit? So we should blame the cyclist when they get hit by a car? It’s clearly marked when you started the video, but as you can see the majority of the walkway isn’t marked. Is it possible that these people have never been on this pathway before? 😂😂 also this path isn’t around a corner it’s a straight fucking shot, your cyclist buddy had time to slow down🙄 unless he’s the incompetent one damn, but hey if i ever run in the middle in highway should i scream at the driver and get mad at them 😅 Bikers are so damn annoying then they catch an attitude and say something slick when they go by but never get off to say that shit to your face So let me get this straight.... bikes can go on the road, cycle paths, walkways and basically any fucking where else they feel like.. but once you step foot on a cycle lane you have the right to run the fucking pedestrian over??? How the cyclist has hit the young girl is unreal no matter what the circumstances... its a wide open path fucking blind cyclist Do they not have sidewalks or something I mean jesus christ Pedestrians ALWAYS have right of way. Fuck biclist I thought that the moral of the story was that if you can't learn bicycling just don't learn it then. here's another moral,stop riding bikes on public roads and maybe you won't get hurt or cause an accident genius. I for one am glad the little girl got injured because your WALKING IN THE BIKE LANE  and if I was a biker going down that path I would just run over people like they're air because it's obviously a bike path not a sidewalk. 😒 Yeah but like obviously if someone is in the way especially a little girl stop?? Are people actually this mean the little girl didn’t know she needed to move , get tf over it dickheads , sincerely an angry Australian The little girl was being extra This could be true or false (my vision is horrible) but from what I saw in the footage maybe the whole thing was an accident? I know when I was younger I wandered a bit too, it could have been possible the mother took her eyes off for a few seconds and her daughter wandered into the bike lane at the wrong time, I know it’s probably not the case but I don’t really feel like there’s a true villain to the story (please don’t hate on me) The little girl who is crying, her family put her in danger and the cyclist got hurt 🤕 all because a careless family. gurl is pretty clear i mean, why would you walk on the bikes lane, should i walk in the middle of the road, in an airport where planes arrive? Lmao I’m going to hell for laughing at this Hey man there's no explicit signal about any bike lane Why don’t the bike riders slow down? They know there are children walking there. Cars slow down around school zones because they know there are children around and the same should apply to bike riders on public paths. the little girl deserved it, she shouldn't have been walking on a bike path smh The moral of this story is actually....Slow down on mixed pathways. Yes pedestrians can be a nuisance, but that child’s leg was broken. I live in London, so I know about vehicles and pedestrians, but cyclist do not have the capacity to stop quickly, so they should be more careful and just slow down 🌈 cause peoples are idiots The problem is not that simple !
Ok cycling lane is reserved for bikes no complain about that. But pedestrians and bikes are too close, bikes usually goes too fast on this kind of lanes.
As I always says in this cases, You want to go fast ? you take the road ! We should feel bad for the little girl.  She didn’t know it was a bike lane.  It’s her parents we need to be mad at for putting their child in danger! ah she broke her leg, “how could you do such a thing” sis says you your the ones letting your kids walk in the bike land Its not the Cyclist fault. Its the girls fault I feel bad for the poor child, she didn't do anything wrong, but I hope the mother felt guilty. It disgusts me than nobody even feels for the kid who broke her leg. It’s not the fucking kids fault, it’s her parents. Feel bad for the 5 year old who broke her leg. Jesus fucking Christ. Just blame the parents. Don’t blame the cyclist or the kid. “How could you do such a thing?!” BITCH GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY WAY. ITS LIKE WALKING IN THE ROAD AND BLAMING IT ON THE DAMN DRIVER. Glad they fucking got hurt. the area where the girl was hit didn't have any markings that that side was a bike path. and you can see that bikes were going through what the guy was indicating as """"walk path"""". So I don't think you can blame the family if they weren't aware. Bikers need to slow down when they see people and use common sense. It's their fault because they didn't respect the fact that they were walking on the bikes side Y'all caring about the bike and the girl but what about the ground? Sure the bike got scratched a but but your forgetting the ground had to take the weight of the bike and the girl, RIP ground It almost happened to me today and I was walking on the sidewalk! I want to slap the mom so bad. Don't walk in the damn bike lane. It's a bike lane! What do you not understand?! Let me just go walk across a runway and get mad when I get hit by a jumbo jet. Well, I'm pretty sure the mother is upset, but she has no one to blame but herself. the little girl can walk it off, she's being petty. She can suck it up. Sad how I didn’t feel bad for the little girl but for the bike that got hurt Stupid parents. That poor lady must have felt so much guilt yet its not her fault that this accident happen “Walks in the middle of a highway” gets hit by a car “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING” 'How could you do such a thing?' Words of a parent who puts their child in danger and looks to blame someone else when they get hurt I run on this exact path almost daily....it is NOT a """"bicycle only"""" path. So...yes, everyone should be paying attention while they enjoy the path. Those on foot and on wheels....but, a child is a child....if you run them over with your bike, even on a """"bicycle only"""" path, it's YOUR fault. I don't care what the law states, I don't care what your feelings are, I don't care what you feel your rights are...you hit a kid, you hurt a kid, the problem is YOU!! go kick rocks if you feel you can't fit into that part of society. She and the parents deserved it! Wtf you doing on the wrong side! I hope ur leg will be broken a long time Why are you going to call  the police for that they have more importants call So she put her child in harm's way ND now someone else is to blame.. LOL The city needs to paint more signs on the pathway So is the entire path supposed to be just for biking? Or is it half pedestrian and half biking?  I don’t live in a city so our bike paths are just sections of the road. She carries this kid like she had stepped on an ied... My gawd get a hold of yourselves that kid got YeEtEd on Why does the mum pick her girl up. When she walks off the leg is clearly bending the wrong way!! You can’t pick up someone with a broken leg like that! It will make it worse! She needs to leave her on the ground until the paramedics arrive This could’ve been completely avoided if they walked on the sidewalk It's not a bike only path and kids may run out for any reason. If riders want to ride fast go on the road!!! Yall are fucking st upid... It isnt fucking clear that there is a fucking bicykle lane.... Idiots.. Now imagine someone going backwards on the road. Obviously they are in the wrong lane and should just simple move aside or pull over, and i get that bikes arent as dangerous as cars but that doesnt change the fact that its your fault for walking in the wrong lane. No one would just purposefully ram their bike into people and even if they did why would they specifically choose your child. Im just saying its not hard to move to the side. The child cannot be saved...so dramatic I mean... hopefully those people won’t walk in the bike lane anymore. I feel bad for the girl and boy but the parents are complete idiots. Man these croissants have no remorse. It’s the family’s fault for being In a bike lane I ride a bike and people that walk should always get priority. Get on the road if you want to do 20mph where people are walking. And kids have no clue what's around them. They think the world is safe. It's your job to slow down and pass safely.    Bike lane or not it still gives you no right to try and pass people at high enough speeds to break limbs.  I never get mad or road rage when people are in the bike lane i just slow down let them know I'm passsing.  Everyone is out to enjoy nature, be nice. This is why the design in the Netherlands is good. Red-ish colour next to the carlane, is for bikes. Next to the bikelane you've got a place where pedestrians can walk. It's almost perfect. Everything is clear and even tourists understand it If this happens, call the police. They legally cant do anything to you unless you did it deliberately I blame the the person who made the cycle lane. It does not seem clear enough whether it's a shared space or for mixed usage.
Also- you don't see the accident so I don't understand how anyone can attribute blame here. I don't know how it is in your country , but here in Brazil most of the bike paths are not for bikes only, if ther is anything saying that people are not allowed there , you are right, else , i think they have right to walk ther... You do realise that there was no indication showing that it was a bike lane where they were standing, there was further up but not where the little girl was standing, so tbh I think it was the bikers fault for being so careless This just made me wanna punch her to cry for a good reason. bikes are considered vehicles and as such must yield to pedestrians. Being from Seattle and as much as I hate bicyclists, he does have a point. Rules are for a reason. Stupid fucking kid
🤦🏼‍♀️ his is why I hate kids they do stupid ass shit and then wonder why there’s consequences for it. At least that'll teach those brats to pay attention to their surroundings. Poor kids have to deal with parent's bad decision there are signs that have been popping up that make bicyclists walk their bicycles in certain spots on the bikeways.  wouldn't it make more sense to remind peds not to walk on the bikeway or at least be mindful while they are on it? That’s why you should move out of the fucking way dumbasses. Like, if it’s a bike, why are you walkin???☠️ The sad thing today is that it’s just a paint line on the pavement and by all mighty it’s a huge crime and you’ll get bashed for crossing the paint lol we act like robots. They act like she was hit by a car...smh😂🤦‍♂️ First of all it’s the people’s fault cause there on the bike lane and they got there kid hurt so they should read next time Its the fucking family's fault. """"How could you do such a thing."""" its simple bitch, dont walk on the bike lane. They were a number of cyclists go way too fast, when you use a shared pathway you ride with care and be prepared for dog, children or anyone as at anytime they may cross your path. I am sorry maybe I am in a minority here but I don't care what lane that little girl was walking in. it is YOU cyclists who need to be more careful!! YOU have a responsibility to look out for people walking (especially little children!!!! ) YOU are riding a metal machine that if it hits people will hurt them!  It is the same for car drivers who have to look out for people crossing roads. And secondly if cyclists for once actually slowed down instead of riding everywhere at f***ing lightspeed then incidents like this would be reduced!! Jesus such a drama for a good damn broken leg... Looks like they just witness a shooting Bikers need to SLOW THE FUK DOWN!!! Damnn, that brother was emotional over his sister breaking her leg... It was found out later that the bike was ok, you guys can all rest easy now. The moral is TOO MANY IDIOTS ON THIS WORLD Its the bitches fault.. she walked on the bike lane with her family Slow down, it's simple. Just because it's a bike path doesn't mean you have to reach top speed. There's no barrier so you should slow down. The parents should be in trouble for putting their children in danger. 
I hope the cyclist didn’t have pay anything as I don’t think it was her fault People think it's funny asking if the bike is alright. I really hope the little girl is fine, I really empathized with her poor brother. It’s quite clearly a path for shared use and the cyclist I would have beaten up badly. Pedestrians on shared paths ALWAYS have right of way They say that the cyclist need to pay attention, huh that is such a shit they need to pay attention to they'r children an them self and then they want us To be punished ,they need to be punished. And then they tell us how we did this ,that is not the fault of the cyclist such a shit . Excuse me for the ** but wee need to say this And thus, 2 feminists are borned You could slow down for a start ! The path wasn’t clearly divided where they were . If you cyclists weren’t such wankers you wouldn’t need gay cycle lanes , grow the fuck up  . Hit one of my kids and I will fuck you right up ! The little girl probably darted in front of the bike giving that lady no time to stop. I doubt she intentionally hit her, but I love how the one lady says “how could you do such a thing” 🙄 Why don’t people understand bike lanes? So It's almost as annoying as bikes on the road. It’s really not that hard to walk in your lane. The parents shouldn’t blame anyone but themselves. They basically asked for it. How about being a man and buying car Bike riders think they have all the right lmfao They should continue the bike lane paint so people could see This is why I don't do cities. Y'all are nuts. Okay yeah these pedestrians are wrong to be in the bike lane but jfc you don't just RUN THEM OVER BECAUSE THEY'RE IN YOUR WAY. Especially if it's a CHILD!!! You're lucky the parents didn't fuck you up. I would have. My mum does a lot of cycling and some idiot actually set up a trap on the bike lane and it sadly caught my Mum.







Atleast she got a lot of money from the dude Cyclists are assholes in every country. .just because the kid strayed into the bike lane don't mean your legally allowed to hit her!  Next time a cyclist rides in front of my lorry I.ll willingly crush him legally..then spit in the dirty cockroach. I feel the same about cyclists on the road lol Like she just fucking died But there’s no sign that says that it’s the bike lane where she was hit... yeah and you stupid cyclist always cykle on the cykling lane instead of the road? no! you are in the way for cars that has the same problem so fuck of You might as well walk in the middle of the road if you walk on a bicycle lane because it is essentially the same thing. Ok so, My old daycare had a bike/scooter day where you could bring your bikes and ride them around. I didn't have a bike so I sat down and watched because I had no friends and this girl loses control of the bike and it runs over my leg. I was fine just got scratched up a bit. Bikes are proper twats I:56 moral of the story........ DONT WALK ON THE F*CKING BIKE LANE!!!!!! It’s awful because bikes can’t just slow down because you walk in that lane . Those bikers go fast though....too fast to be sharing a common place with pedestrians IS THE BIKE OK?? If you see people ahead, slow down a little, do not try to dodge without reducing speed... Then to the bikers stay off the road It’s simple don’t bike on driving roads """"How could you do such a thing?"""" Well, if you wouldn't have walked in the wrong lane you would have been ok. It's like complaing about getting hit by cars if you go for a run in the middle of the highway. If you plebs know there are pedestrians walking around that day for whatever reason, maybe go slower then usual it’s everyone’s responsibility to be safe and observant, not just the people walking in the bike lane. Granted they shouldn’t have been there but the whole place looked packed to me, maybe they didn’t have a choice or maybe there should of been a sing forbidding walking along the bike lane. I don’t know. But it’s everyone’s responsibility to lookout for potential hazards. I feel so bad for the girl and her brother but I’m angry at the parents for making them walk in the bike lane it’s there fault I wish they got hit instead Well none of this wouldve happened if you walked on your side 🤷🏾‍♀️ It doesn't look like anyone in this video has a broken leg.  What I do see is a drama queen parent who should put more effort into keeping her kids out of danger by eaching them to not walk in cycle lanes I dont mean to be a bitch but it was their fault. The path is made to prevent these type of situations and there was a sidewalk next to it. HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING just wow she put her child in that cituation honestly i feel bad but it was their fauly I love how the parents only care about their child and don’t even ask the cyclist if she’s ok I know she was hit in a cycle lane and that it was her fault to be there, but the cyclist could have stopped and she wouldn’t have broken her leg, I mean, she wasn’t driving a ferrari here, it was just a fucking bike. 
Edit: for everyone hating on me for saying this, It is such a shame that I have a heart and that not like the idea of a little kid getting hurt, right? 
I wonder what will you do if your kid gets her leg broken just because she was in a bike lane for a moment. You would just go and hug the cyclist and say to them “well done”??? Where do you want the pedestrians to walk? Where is the walking path? Show me the law/regulation that explain that cycling roads are ONLY for bicycles...cucling roads means that you CAN use your bicycle on it! """"There's a reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path, and this clip will tell you so""""

AND YET BICYCLISTS ARE ALLOWED TO RIDE ON SIDEWALKS????  That's OK, huh?  Whatever... This not ok for da peps to be ok in da bikers lane #RIP GIRL The moral of the story






Use a big bike Oh no how could something horrible happened!? Its so sad to see this...is the bike still ok? All these comments are making it sound like the girl deserved to get hit by the bike since her parents were in the wrong lane, and that's awful. There cyclist is also at fault here. Well how do you bloody feel when a cyclist is on the road with cars..... you cyclists think yours have a priority to go anywhere. And when you get hit you go off your face I mean c'mon. Honestly, I think the parents should have been hit. I feel so bad for the poor girl! It’s common sense. Every popular touring place is  going to have a sidewalk and a bike lane. There’s a sidewalk next to the lane, beside the bushes. People usually walk on the bike lane because they can’t all fit on the sidewalk. The cyclist should’ve stopped or shouted something so the pedestrian could move out of the way. But the pedestrians were in a bike lane. In conclusion, we can’t fully blame anyone because we didn’t see how the cyclist ended up hurting the little girl. It could’ve been that she did shout and yell, but they didn’t move in time (and she couldn’t stop because she was going to fast) . Or the cyclist might’ve been spacing out and not looking in front of her. :) Pedestrians have the right of way. Stupid toddler oml Can someone murder the woman saying """"How could you do such a thing?!"""" please? It's not nice for the little girl who broke her leg.... but come on! Bike lanes are for bikes! Pavements are for pedestrians! Get a grip parents! 3 things here; very busy pathway, narrow pathway for both pedestrians and bikers, and improper ground paint, the paint on the ground should stretch out the entire pathway or at least have conspicuous signs for all to see. Failure due to proper Park and Recreation officials. Bikers are definitely a weird breed ,just saying Someone tell them they are in a bike lane I know she got hurt and I feel bad that she got hurt but, I feel really bad for the biker too because the mother blamed her when they were walking on a bike trail. maybe they should put in some walking paths? You are a moron, you can't drive fast your bike among people, stupid moron. Fucking cyclists. You cycle wherever you want, yet want others to abide by rules/laws that you don't. Fucking hate cyclists. They should be banned. first rule when someone gets hurt. dont scream .

 rule 2 dont blame others. 

rule 3 dont cause a sad environment by blaming others. 

rule 4 if he is laying  down dont help him get up. he chose to lay down for a reason.

 rule 5 dont ask questions while he is screaming in pain. his attention is  pointed somewhere else. 


thought i would share from experience Hope the bike is fine. Their acting like the child died. Its a fkn leg, big deal. Oh yeah real rich telling pedestrians to stay off bike lanes as bikers ride on sidewalks and streets all the time!  🤪👎 Maybe you assholes should not go as fast Moral of the story, Stop riding your bike like a fucking jackass, and stay out of bike paths, Better yet, Just don't have any bike paths at all, Make bikers ride elsewhere, Build a small circle track for them to ride around on endlessly, no fucks given if thats boring, Fuck bikers, they're terrible, self entitled people who they everyone has to bow down to them and move over for them. There should also be another moral of a story. Don't ride on the roads. Just like don't walk in cycle lanes, don't ride on roads. A pedestrian should expect to be hit, a cyclist should expect the same. Fucking hypocrisy in play. Cyclists always want their cake and fully expect to eat it. Looking at this video it looks to me like the family were on the cycling side of the pathway. I no doubt guess the girl was running about everywhere and the cyclist tries to swerve around them onto the footpath side hench how the bike and shoe end up in the middle and the girl fell down to the cyclist side of the path. Basically, stick to your side and keep better attention of your children. Also don't understand why the mother turns round and says """"how could you do such a thing"""". My guess middle class mummy who's child could do no wrong... Lol hope the girl died Here in the 🇬🇧 uk these are called a SHARED SPACE.
It doesn't matter if you are on the RED tarmac for cyclist's or your on the BLACK tarmac for pedestrians.
AS LONG AS CYCLIST'S CAN PASS IT DOESN'T MATTER WHICH SIDE A CYCLIST USES.
Also cyclist's are supposed to use these SHARED SPACES using care NOT SPEEDING ALONG like this guy clearly is.
I've literally lost count of the amount of cyclist's I've punched in the face & put them flat on there arse's here in the 🇬🇧 uk regarding SHARED SPACE area's.
Had to put 2 cyclist's in the right place literally 3 hour's ago today so it's a continuous battle that i know I'm right by 100% so my message to all cyclist's using these SHARED SPACES here in the 🇬🇧 uk is PROCEED WITH GREAT CARE USING THESE SHARED SPACE AREA'S & PEDESTRIANS DO ACTUALLY HAVE PRIORITY ON THESE SHARED SPACES!!!
So get the facts digested & abide by the rules I hope that this little girl is doing okay now! I feel bad for her! 😥💛 Top 10 anime deaths When the girl is in the way and is in the bike lane, it’s legal to hit them. And they little girl was collapsing on the ground like she was dying😂😂 If u can clearly see that the girl has broken her leg. Why would you pick her up... ? Come on parents. If you're gonna have a pet keep it on a leash. I fucking hate cyclists oml did u see how dramatically the little girl slowly fell over 😂 and then how dramatically they carry her off 😂 The shoe just lying there in the middle of the lane made me laugh! 😂😂😂😂 In amsterdam people on bikes don't stop. Don't walk on the cyclist lane “HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!” Well you were walking on the bike path so it’s u flat for walking on the bike path!!!!!! 0:57 That leg looks kinda wobbly!!! I wish the parents got hit, they were the ones that deserved it BIKE LAAAAANE. YOURE IN THE BIKE LAAAANE. GET OUT OF THE BIKE LAAANE. CAN YOU PLEASE MOOVE “How could you do such a thing?” GIRL! ITS YOUR FAULT! Like geez! She need some milk 
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
Oh and guess why they are called cycle lanes? FOR CYCLING LIKE WHAT THE HELL YOU THINKING
Omg i hope the bike is fine! To be honest ... It wasnt the bikers fault it was the pqrents fualt to be walking down a lane were there not so pose to be the girl probkey got in the way and i fell bad for her but. The parenst new that thete are people rideing there and they still put there famiky in risk and when she said""""how can you do such a thing """"  you shoulnt say that to them say it too you self cuz you didnt care that you were in risk of getting hurt you took the risk now pay the proce of not listening just come to India for cycling: one road for cars, cycle , pedestrian and trucks. Dumbass I hope they learn their lesson 🙄 Honestly people, walk on your side! Sheesh! It wasn’t only the pedestrians fault it was also the cyclists fault If there is one thing that i despise it would be all of those copying sheeps on the side all turning their heads and keep watching as if aliens just landed Is the bike ok????








This is a joke if you don't understand Lol c'était en France. That's why when i see  cyclists outside the bikelane i broke is legs with my car. I Hope they learn😋 Oh and when i see cyclists on the sidewalk i pounch then. So relaxing and funny. Im think im gonna make some movies That's why when i see cyclists out of bike Lane i hit then with my car. I swear dramatic people pisses me off And its also the mothers fault because she not teaching her child Well tge girl is overreacting butt Omg she broke her leg!!!!!!???? The brother is so sweet So the  child gets hurt in the cycle Lane not nice 😢  comments say she shudnt be there . So y in the clipp are cyclists in the lane for the pedestrians????? One rule for thee and one rule for us  not!!!!!! That's sad.... But it's there fault no it's there parents fault the parents are supposed to keep there children safe but this parent did was.... """"It's ok we can walk here follow me *trust me*"""" BOOM broken leg Poor bike Why were they walking in a bike lane??? She kinda deserved it,  clearly if they were blind I'd give a little more pity although they already should know but they are normal,  theyre walking on the bike paths and blaming bikers for riding on the path they SHOULD be riding on to avoid accidents, they're avoiding accidents how ever they are creating accidents Why am i laughing? 😂 Wow.


“HOW COULD YOU SO SUCH A THING?!”

Lady, what are cycling lanes for?

CYCLING. I feel bad for the little girl getting hurt but it wasnt the Bicyclist fault the people who were in the way they shouldnt be walking there if they know its dangerous Its fking annoying. These oblivious people. I want to ride 2x as fast when I pass them just so when they dont watch out they get hit because of their own ignorance its not the cyclist's, nor the child's, fault. This is down to poor town planning. I’m a biker but we need to be very careful not to hit anyone we don’t own the roads While I do feel bad for the girl, the pedestrians shouldn't be on cycle paths. I have similar problems in my city in England. We don't have many cycle paths here, so cyclists are pushed onto the roads, which is okay until you reach the city centre where pedestrians also use the roads. Then, you have kids that don't move out the way, pushing you onto the pathment or into other pedestrians. I feel cyclists are kind of a grey area in most cities, somewhere between cars and pedestrians, but apparently even when the city gives the cyclists their own paths, pedestrians still feel entitled to walk there. """"Unfortunately the city [officials] doesn't really care for pedestrians walking on bike paths"""". Mhm, where are the signs???? Nearest one is like 300m away, big gap between signage on this path. Hopefully this incident has prompted city officials to put up more signage and road markings. Cause clearly pedestrians don't know it's a cycle way, some not by ignorance, but by the fact there's poor signage and road markings are close to no existence. And the foliage doesn't count as road markings really. This is what a cycle lane in NZ looks like: https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1280&bih=536&ei=LhIVW8_bLcGX0gSlhY-oCA&q=cycle+way+nz&oq=cycle+way+nz&gs_l=img.3..0i30k1l3j0i5i10i30k1j0i8i30k1l6.982.2903.0.3109.13.9.0.0.0.0.493.1161.2-1j1j1.3.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..10.3.1158.0..0.0.XK7K7xt2yGQ Under NZ/Australia Law, the driver can be charged with Dangerous Driving if they hit a pedestrian. The cycle path is not well signed. It absolutely looks like a normal footpath. Don't you guys have any sympathy for the poor little girl?! Obviously some cyclists don't know how to drive to the conditions. Duh, they should be driving more slower and carefully, scanning 12 seconds ahead. But they hit a little girl and they think they've done no wrong.... Cycle lanes in NZ have green coloured marked paths which don't look like footpaths. Not have like a 200m gap between signs on a path that looks like a footpath. Stupid cyclist. They expect a little girl, a minor, get hurt cause they don't know how to drive to the conditions?! How is the young inexperienced girl suppose to have the experience. The cycle way looks absolutely like a normal footpath. We have far better marked and signed cycle ways in NZ. Cyclists have a legal obligation to drive safely! They are meant to scan 12 seconds ahead and reduce their speed especially when driving near pedestrians. It's the pedestrians who will win in court (Australia/NZ). And the cycle path is not marked well enough. The bike path isn't really marked well (signs and road markings throughout). In several countries, it's the drivers fault in court regardless if the pedestrian is at fault. Just like if a car hits a pedestrian. If the pedestrian was at fault, the driver can be charged with """"dangerous driving"""". My  French fries fell while watching this. I'm sad now 😢😢😭 It’s time all cyclists are made pay insurance, then they might respect other users of paths and roads.
And they should also be subject to the full weight of the law. So if I hit a cyclist while driving then its their fault... that's logical! How about no matter where we are and what's going on we watch what we are doing WHAT HAPPENED TO SHARE  THE ROAD / PATH ?  HUH BIKERS ?   NOT SO GUN HO ABOUT IT WHEN ITS YOU GUYS THAT HAVE TO BE EXTRA EXTRA CAREFUL HUH ?   LIKE CAR DRIVERS HAVE TO BE WITH YOU ?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Hey I feel bad for the kid but it's the parents fault, it is like getting mad at someone for running you over when you were crossing the freeway when the walking light is at stop. reply if you agree!
Edit 2: DAYUM ALOMST 2K LIKES this is why we should ban bicycles I feel so sorry for that Girl but WHY ARE YOU FUCKING WALKING THEIR Bikers everywhere in the world think to have always right. The driver of each transport vehicle must be always prudent and drive safely 0:41Me: THATS WHY YOU DONT WALK ON THE BIKE LANE NOOBS So I think I found the problem... Other than that one spot at the very start of the video, none of the other spots where it connects back to the road/sidewalk had any kind of marking indicating it's a bike lane. Would it kill the city to paint a bike lane thing on the ground every so often, so people don't think it's part of the sidewalk? That terrible little girl hit that poor bike! Hope her leg didn't dent the bike But what about cyclists on the road? The road is for cars! Bahahahahaha couldn't the cyclist slow down, even tho the pedestrians are not supposed to be in the bicycle lane, cus surely he/she didn't do that deliberately There's a reason why you shouldn't cycle on the walk path, and this clip will tell you so. Situational awareness of pedestrians = zero! By your reasoning, if a cyclist is on the road when there is a bike lane next to it, its OK for me to run him over with my car. Its clearly his fault, he shouldn't be on the road. Stay on the bike lane! As I was a child, I've also been run over by a bike in Harlem. Fat bitch didn't even say sorry That family is so dramatic lmao Her mom is so silly too, she should not pick up a person who has broke a bone, it might do it even worser. AWWW POOR CHILD!!! :'( Stupid... That's just what it's like for drivers on a road when cyclists are darting all over the road in front of them. How did they know her leg was """"broken"""" before help arrived? Mom carried her kid away like the were in a war or something 
Hopefully the mother learns something about this All I care about is if the bike is okay Deserved it. it’s a BIKE lane for a reason Moral of the story? All cyclists are fucking wankers Well. Pedestrians > Bicycles > Automobiles. Period. If i hit a cyclist riding on the side of the road, i dont get to say its not my fault. Learn to control your vehicle. there needs to be some sort of barrier separating the bike lane and the pedestrian lane. That way people don't wander into the bike lane without noticing Where the girl was hit wasn't marked as a bike lane at all. 

Maybe cyclists could slow down a bit? Poor bike... is it okay? Honestly if you're going to ride a bike you should expect to get hit by anything. How else do you expect to not have anything happen when you go out for a ride.
It's the second that you let your guard down that s*** hits the fan. """"Bike lane! You're walking in the Bike Lane!"""" Fuck the bicycle line in brasil we fuck the shit out of those Poor little girl :( """"How could you do that?"""" WHAT DO YOU MEAN. YOU ARE THE ONE WALKING IN A BIKE LANE! I dont see how she got hit ? Its was a straight path either the girl walked infront of the bike or the bike hit her It’s definitely not the cyclist’s fault! “How could you do such a thing like that!”
Yeah I wonder, how could you let your little girl walk on the bike path? And why?
This is karma, handle it! Just like when cyclists are right in the middle of the street when there is a bike lane right next to it. Just shut the fuck up with your stupid video. Its the old port. People are walking. The least you could do is slow down...but you are not...because you feel so entitled.
I will speed up and run you over with my car next time I see you biking right in the middle of the street. There. Fair enough? The bike lane is clearly marked...in one very small area.

However, we should all know bike riders have the right of way everywhere. /s Cry much there was no ‘bike lane’ marking where the girl was hit, nor was there any for a very long stretch of the path, so why is it not ok for them to walk there? all I ever hear from these idiot cyclists is we need to share our roads with them.... so they get our streets and the bike lanes? wow... talk about entitled. that poor little girl had no idea these selfish hogs were blazing down the path.  makes me sick to my stomach... yeah right.. share huh cycle boy? youre so full of Schiff it's pathetic. 

we need to license all of these degenerate cyclists and make them put big tags on their bikes. then they will start obeying the laws. they are all around me and they don't feel the need to follow the laws and get so mad when you call them out on it. pieces of Schiff. Now you know how cars feel when cyclists are on the road People complain about there being too many bicycles on walking paths so then designated bicycle paths are put in place that end up being overrun with pedestrians. You can't have it both way jackasses. That's like complaining you got hit by a car for walking down the road like it's a walking path when there's perfectly good sidewalks to walk on. It may be a pedestrians fault, or also those who didn't put enough signs for citizens so they know that this is bicycle lane. Also, why is there no good lane for pedestrians, if they move here. And the third - it is bicyclists lane but still that doesn't mean they should be going all calm like it is their place and they have the right to hit anyone. I just know some who sometimes making dumbass rushes on bridges full of people, signaling everyone like they owe the place. Buying this vehicle doesn't give you any advantage rights anywhere. don't worry, their just french, just give her some frog legs and she will be right as rain... Wait, they added bike lanes because people were complaining about how cyclists ride on footpaths yet here they are walking on bike lanes. Bruh.. that's like walking in the road and getting mad when someone runs me over. Happened to me as a pedestrian. But the bicyle was on the pedestrian path going really fast. I had surgery to close my wound on my arm. The cyclist yelled at me first « I rang the bell ! ». He was judged guilty in court and had to give me 5000€. Hope the parents of this poor little girl were punished as well and hope this little girl is fine. Surely SHE learned the lesson, not sure about her relatives though. DESERVED BITCH Hmmmm... i wonder people do walk in Car lane also? 1) The pavement near the roadside is pathetic, that's why so many people walking in the bike lane. 
2) Why the cyclist ride so fast when there are lots of people around? This is same as driver drive dangerously fast next to a cyclist on road. i hate cyclists. Good for the little girl im glad that happened to her. It teaches them a lesson. I know it's not the child's fault but for SOME reason she annoys me too. I'll be brutally honest. I Fucking hate the attitude of cyclists.  If that was my daughter my god. You can’t blame the little girl. It’s the parents fault and maybe the cyclist woman shouldn’t have been going so fast. Poor little girl. Cyclists think they own the place. Is the bike okay? Walking around longer than cycling! Nothing but trouble causes cyclist! Ingorrant fucks too If she hit my daughter I'd knock her out They need to make it more obvious if people arent getting the message. the family deserved to get hurt. The cyclist is not in the wrong That little girl is stupid and so is her parents I feel worse for the biker because she’s getting blamed for hitting the girl when clearly it wasn’t her fault, she is going to have that guilt in her for the rest of her life because of that one stupid little girl , she honestly deserved that she should of known better(the little girl) I mean her brother was a nice brother but the family should not be so mad at the biker, cuz of the little girl the biker got hurt too and no one cared for her what ever I’m done with stupid kids like her BIKE LINES ARE FOR BIKES IF YOU ARE NOT A BIKE THEN THAT IS NOT YOUR LANE C'MON PEOPLE Sorry, I don't really feel bad for the girl. Tbh, if you walk in a bike lane you probably gonna get hit at some point, so she deserved it. It was the parents fault. they should have realized it was for bikers, not people. Come on little girl it’s a bike lane . Silly goose Why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own






It is two tired The brother has only realized that because of his sister, he can no longer drive to Phantasialand. At 0:55 to 0:56 you can see the girls right ankle swing the wrong way.. Wow did you see that little girl’s leg?! That thing was fractured, you could see it wobbling around when her mother picks her up 0:55



But fo clarify, i think that it was the mothers fault and not the bikers. Did she died? Well...its not the biker's fault :< Stupid parents that can't even make sure their kids aren't going on the bike path. Not the cyclist's fault, just the parents fault. Children usually don't know any better, but damn that mother should. What about roller blade lady? Is she OK to go in bike lanes?

I seriously want to see what folks think about it. That girl that was hit Kida deserves it and her family was just mad at the lady just because she hit there daughter. If I was the lady I would be mad at them because they are walking were you are supposed to bike not walk Your moral of the your story is STUPID.
Im a bicyclist and still have to slow down and watch where I am going.
Share the path, slow down, and stop if you have to. Pedestrians always have the right of way! And even if they don't do you really need to run into them? when you can see them clearly far away and had plenty of time to avoid hittimg them. Cycles are faster and more moble. Simple there is no excuse for hitting pedestrians unless it's a last second jump in your way kind of accident. I'm glad she got hit WHY WOULD YOU DO SUCH A THING

Um lady your the one walking in the bike lane Well she deserved it I’ll be laughing 😂.     Btw I have a cold heart From the looks of it that path needs much better signage on entrances and the ground. The irony is many cyclists hog roads too and then get hit by cars. I guess this may educate those people. How could u do such a thing u think she tried? It was an accident u need to keep your kids in the right lane so u or they dont get hit! Can u get this to 10 likes plz Well there wasn't a pavement and people were walking that way to get somewhere Serves that brat and the parents for walking on incoming traffic. Don’t you think that little girl and her mum just overreacted just a lil bit? It doesn’t look like she got hit, Your seemed so far and then she just broke down.? In our country,
Their fault for being in a bicycle lane
You pay for the hospital bill KEEP THE FUCK OUT OF THE BIKE LANE PEOPLE """"Madame! Comment avez vous pu faire ca?!?""""

Et bien, c'est un accident qui devait arriver QUAND VOUS FAITES PAS ATTENTION À VOS GAMINS!! lol she broke her leg Fuck bicyclist. Think they own everything """"How could you do such a thing?!!"""" are you stupid lady? they didn't go and purposely slam into you, that's your own fault, and your child isn't the only one who its hurt in those situations..! What do you think is gonna happen they're going to fast to just stop as soon as they see you.



Sorry for that mini rant I just really hate self centered people. wasn't expecting it to be a little girl getting hit That's the French for you. Hahaha idiots walking on Nike  line Quel cinéma la gamine doit pas être mourante non plus pourquoi hurler a l'aide comme ça y'as des gens ils savent pas garder la tête sur les épaules dans des cituations comme ça faut pas demander si y'avait eu du sang..... I feel really bad for the girl and the brother, they didn't know what they were doing. One the other hand, fuck the mother. ... in the Netherlands we bike around as well but when pedestrians walk on the bike lane and they get hit... it's the pedestrians fault Good for them. This shows why you shouldn't block the bicycle lane anyway. and you guys shouldnt ride on the road So am I suppose to be feeling sympathy for them? Cause I'm laughing over here. If u want to ride your bike fast, do it on the road! When there's kids walking around on side walk, it might be a good idea to go at a decent pace so you can brake in time. Smh ppl logic out the window From a country with bicycle lanes everywhere this frustrates me to no end. If you called the cops here too. They would laugh at you for being stupid. YOU DON'T WALK ON BICYCLE LANES It's a recreation path to be shared by everyone  bike3rd don't own it and you need to slow down and be more aware ie I saw those two police before you did if so many people walk there, maybe you should slow the fuck down Parents these days always blaming other people to seem perfect 🤦‍♀️ I have no sympathy because there are lanes for a reason Faith in humanity restored, natural selection still works. Its a fuckin bike😂😂😂""""how could you do such a thing"""" lmao cringe Im my opinion bicyclists are worse than drunk drivers!!! They dont observe any rules of the road. Walk you bike across the intersection.
Be mindful of your speed. 
Look up when you are riding around pedestrians.
Dont blame anyone for your negligence!!!! In short....FUCK OFF, THIS AINT CHINA!!! Why you didnt say nothing? Now you know how we as drivers feel when cyclists drive on the road. What if the mother lets her daughter run on the railways and a train hits her, is she gonna tell the train driver - how could you do such a thing? Hey lemme just walk in a car lane and get mad when they run me over. Of course, blame the cyclist. 

The fact that you made walk your daughter in a bike lane has nothing to do with her broken leg. The French are such poofs there acting like there child just died get over it 😂😂😂 Fuck you bikers, I’ll hit ya with the hell off if you dare come across me walking or anyone weak pieces of biking shit. Fuck that lady for hitting a kid. You a moron. Same thing happend to me when me and my dad where cycling inside of the bike path yet my dad accidently hit a pedestrian because they were walking in the """"bike path. We had to go to court cuz they tried to sue us but thankfully that didn't work and we sued them for not walking in  the right path Interesting
The pedestrian is at fault for being in the bike lane......
So, using the same logic, if a bike is in a car lane is the cyclist at fault? I have no sympathy whatsoever for that little girl. It’s simpel ride on the Fuckin streets fuckin biles morons everything that has wheels ride on the street thankfully it‘s that way in switzerland where i live don’t wanna say how many time i needed to kick a fuckin bike motha fuckers I was there in july. The bike lane was packed with people Im surprised there wasent people walking on the train tracks right next to them. 😂😂😂 I love the reaction of the brother, idiots people, it a called bike Lane for a reason So next time I see a cyclist on the road I should run them over with my car? Since the road is for cars, there shouldn’t be cyclist on it right? Just like that path is for bikes only? WTF  WHY THE KID (brother of the litlle girl cry and the parents angry is the fucking line of cycles men that family is a fuckin shit They need to keep the bicycle lane clear all the way down so they won’t get in their way . You know what? I am glad that happened that will teach people to not walk in the bike lane but its not the girls fault it the moms fault XDDDD Slow down you fucking idiots........ Understand your point but one could argue that cyclists are obstacles for car drivers. Car drivers must take extra care for cyclists, same way that cyclists must take extra car of pedestrians No tengonada contra la niña o su familia pero de lo merecia aprendio una leccion It’s the little girls fault for using a bike trail to walk on Bikes should just drive on road on shoulder prob solved Lol dumb shit jits. 'how could you do such a thing'


me: well it's your fucking fault IT'S A BIKE PATH FOR BIKES NOT FOR PEDESTRIANS so tbh if the little girl was walking on the pedestrian side she wouldn't have broken her leg so it's the family's fault not the cyclists as the family were in the wrong 0:40 the kid is over exaggerating. It her fault for walking in the bike lane The road was as straight as straight can be, how can a cyclist not see someone in front of them and why do they feel the need to continue going and expect others to move out of the way just because """"im in the bike lane""""? 
I guess city folks have this """"i have the right of way, you move"""" mentality which seem to go both ways If that was a car hitting a cyclist youd all blame the car get fucked So when there's a bicyclist in the in the street with a vehicle and he gets hit what's the moral of the story get that gay ass bike out of the fucken Street. It's sad she broke her leg, but it was their fault for walking on the clearly marked bike path! Cyclist get doored and they deserve it. Insurance should be mandatory if they want to share the road period. Or slow the fuck down if someone is in your way move? Let me put it to you very simply if im in the bike lane and you run into me im taking your bike or your teeth probably both bikers pretend like they own the world like move out of my way im on a bike or think about it if you wanna bike try places not filled with people walking or just go fuck yourself honestly this ima run into you if your in the bike lane attitude is fucked your blocking my lane too fucking bad grow the fuck up not everbody wants to have a bike going 30 miles an hour blasting past them if you ride bikes respectfully and carefully i have no problem but to be out of control on a bike to the point of breaking a little girls leg because “ she was in the bike lane “ is redicules and deserves a major ass whoopin and beg for any of these fags to ride by me while im in the bike lane Parents fault it is a bike lane why is the boy crying his sister didnt die or something Or simply slow down on your bike! Cyclists feel they have a given right! And yes I'm a cyclists! Cyclist is at fault. No question. That's exactly how i feel when cyclist take up the whole dawm road (they at least know what side of the road to stay on although) Both sides where for bikes, the foot path for pedestrians is on the other side of the bushes it’s the people who walk in the bike lanes fault what's the moral. that this could've been avoided by the cyclist. just because they were in the cyclist lane is no excuse for a broken leg. they could've slowed down and tools them that they need to walk somewhere else. but it could've been easily avoided if they were never in that Lane to start with I don't care that she broke her leg she was walking on the bike lane that girl who is crying deseves to be knocked out FUCKING PARENTS...HAPPY THAT YOUR DAUGHTER BROKE HER LEG BECAUSE OF YOU? Stupid fucks... I hope there are charges pressed against the parents for this. Well, next time they wont walk on bicycle lane. It’s simple be an adult and drive a car I get it right it’s a bike lane. However, the bikers have a chip on their shoulder and don’t slow down cause they are mad. This is what happens. Slow down on the bikes peeps! Why don’t you watch out for your kids and tell them to get out of the bike lane dumbasses! lmao i would have done a lot worse than that to someone if they were so oblivious to walk in the bike lane whilst someone is coming towards them at full speed Path way too narrow for both walkers & bikers! Bicyclists at cruising speed should be with the cars in city traffic! OR....pay attn. to the whereabouts of ppl walking! Especially children! Just as ppl driving a vehicle need to watch for bikers (& walkers), ppl on wheels need to watch out for pedestrians! You LOSE! GOOD DAY SIR! Would have broken the cyclist legs as well!! Now cyclists understand the frustration drivers have when they ride in the middle of the road Parents should watch their kids more carefully Those 1K people who disliked are those pedestrians who walk on bicycle paths and got injured and blamed it on the cyclist and hopefully learned a lesson. Alright, look, I get it, she got hurt, so sad and all. But seriously, it’s their own fault. Especially because children her age are very unaware and clumsy. Just today, I was at Walmart, and my mom was driving the cart, and this little girl just about ran into the cart, but my mom stopped really fast and said “be careful” to get the girl’s attention. If not, she would’ve bumped right into it. Little kids never pay good enough attention, so why in the world would you EVER put them somewhere that they could get hurt real easily. Basically the same as walking in the middle of a street with passing cars, just slightly less dangerous. That’s your fault for walking on the bike lanes which you can see is obviously for bikes Well i've walked on bike lance 2. And if I got hit I would be like yup I desereve this lmao. Im stupid god they probably deserve it if you their not on the goddamn right side 😡😡😩 It’s coming from both sides. Yes they shouldn’t of been walking in a bike lane and it’s some what of the mothers fault for letting herself and her children walk there. But also the bike people ride pretty fast as it becomes an issue from the cyclist as well. But when you look at the bike lane compared to the road next to it with the pedestrian path. The mother obviously thought that it looked safer and better for her family as a mother wants there children to stay away from the road. Yes it's a terrible thing that the girl had her leg broken, but the people screaming 'how could you do such a thing' really frustrates me. The line splitting the path is there for a reason, and the parents have no one else to blame but themselves unfortunately. The only thing they can do it's a totally separate lane from pedestrians Pedestrians have right of way always... period.... oh man, that poor girl's suffering was really hard to watch, like really really hard. and when the brother started crying too it was difficult to watch. i hope they are doign well, and i hope they learn to stay off bike paths next time Is the bike ok I always thought it was common knowledge to walk on the side of the path that you'd drive on if the path were a street. 
So like I live in the US. Cars drive on the right. I walk on the right side of the sidewalk. But when I lived in Europe for a year, I walked on the left. Bicycles never hit me. And they would speed right past me. It didn't matter. Because people remembered to stay on the correct side. The girl, at most, probably fractured her knee or has a really bad laceration in her leg. No bruising, her leg isn't bent all weird, she's just crying a fucc ton. Hahaha stupid parents breed stupid kids I feel bad for the woman who hit the girl. She kept on apologising whilst the mother was screaming at her; also, they were on the cycle lane It’s the kids fault for standing in bicycle lane Why was he calling the police? An ambulance would be nice I'm so sorry about saying this but I hate kids. They are just kind of dumb. Sorry it's just my opinion. It's natural selection Lol This video is very hard to see It seems like it isn’t obvius that it’s a bicycle lane in all places Seriously when did it become so hard to just share the footpath. When did cyclists become so entitled Lol girl deserved it You need what the fun thing is! In the netherlands the have cyclist lanes where mopeds (50cc bikes) have to drive too. You know dont wanna know how much drama it is here. Tourists am i right the fucking kid sounded like it got hit by a fucking bus! weakness disgusts me! It’s the parent’s fault, I feel bad for her leg, but seriously they’re idiots (not trying to be mean.) They’re clearly blind, they should know it’s a cyclist lane by seeing the signs and other cyclists passing by.

EDIT: Thank you for agreeing with me. I know you were making this video to educate pedestrians but look, you can't honestly expect a group of women and some beta male they dress everyday to be correct at any given time. When you have a female led group, they will always skirt the line of right and wrong because society caters to women in a way that doesn't force them to think about what they are doing. We catch them when they fall and help them back up.  That's why they will keep falling. They will always have someone to lift them back up. It's our fault, not theirs. People....AS YOU CAN SEE in 0:01 THERE IS A BIKE SYMBOL OKAY SO DON'T BLAME CYCLISTS I feel so bad for the brother Even if the cyclist couldve slowed down,that was a child, and almost all children has the tendency to run on bike lanes. Ive experienced it for myself. I was riding my bike in my own respective lane and a child ran straight forward for my bike when she saw me slowing down. 
She was probably trying to get me into an insurance scam lmao. I drifted my way to avoid her but she slid her legs just to touch the wheels and ended up squishing her own thigh instead. she was gonna tell her mum about it but.

I had a gopro. Lool Humans Are Always Selfish And Stupid. Can't They Just Use Their Eyes Instead Of Their Mouth? If The Child Or You Got Hurt, It's Your Responsibility. Not The Cyclists Fault.. The Cyclists Followed The Bikes Only Path And The Stupid Humans Didn't Use Their Eyes. Humans Have 5 Senses And Yet, Still Brainlessly Not Using Those Senses. If Anyone Thinks I'm Wrong That Means You're Just Like The Dirty Pigs, Humans, I Have Met.. I Have Locked Myself Up Because Of This Rotten Stinking World. I'm Young And I Have Already Experienced The True Nature Of Earth. Humans Aren't Meant To Fight Each Other, Kill, Harm And Make Enemies On Each Other. I Separated Myself From The Human Race Since This Stinking Pigs Are Just All Around Me.. I Really Do Need Counseling.. Just Had Enough Of Seeing Stupid People Doing The Wrong Things And Blaming On The Innocent Its not the bikers fault its the peoples fault the people need to learn She deserves it 






Well,for me There is literally a sidewalk next to the bike lane!!! One time i was cycling on the cycling path around my city and i saw a mother walking on the cyclist road with her daughter.. when her daughter saw me closing in (i was NOT going towards them, i was avoiding them) her daughter just pulled out of her mothers hand  and JUMPED in front of me.. i had to do a 90 degree sudden break-turn and fell, broke my ankle... the mother did not give a SHIT about me, she went running to her daughter screaming if she was ok ( i didnt even touch her) while i was down screaming in pain.... Are they insurance scammers??? No different then you stupid cyclist on the roads Cyclists utter wankers. Since this video doesn't actually show what happened, I will refrain from assigning blame. But bicyclists need to use caution when passing peds on a public path, especially children, given how unpredictably they can be. bike lane and walking should not be design side by side. some inconsiderate bikers cycle way too fast pass walkers and pose dangers... . I can see why a cyclist could be annoyed and I definitely agree the pedestrians should not be walking there, but cyclists should not bomb towards pedestrians just because its their path. Common sense. That's not what they meant by """"break a leg""""... Lucky, I want my leg broken The fuckin cyclist don't want pedestrians to the cycling lane but the same time they cycling on the road and everywhere! How pathetic is that,,, The very same can be used for cyclists who use the road instead of a bike lane, sidewalk, or multi-use path. Regardless of what you feel is right or in your case righteous, the law is the law. YOU MUST give way to pedestrians... period. slow down when you aproach off people. you are on a vehicle. What everyone should realize is that bike lanes are not exclusively for people on bikes, pedestrians can also be there. That being said, common sense from both sides and there will be no problems Oh I see, We have to share our roads with cyclists but cyclists can't share with pedestrians? Brilliant! God people are so stupid tbh I don't care if she broke her leg and if she is a kid people need to realize  not listening will get you in trouble.  Don't blame the biker 😡😡 What about cycling on the part allocated for pedestrians? Who may be tired, ill or suffering from multiple sclerosis? Anyway nothing justifies hitting pedestrian. Especially when cyclists are moving along the part allocated for pedestrians. Both were at fault. Who hit her? The real moral of the story is, bicyclists need to ride slowly in paths that go through sidewalks shared by pedestrians. The guy who filmed this was also inviting disaster. U go to Amsterdam and u do get run over by cyclists nutters Of course lets not blame the little girl she is too young to know better. The mom is at fault here. And seeing that she is french she definitely gives zero shits about cyclists, bike paths and simple respect to others. And before you hate on me I am part french and American and I go to France every year and people there only care for themselves and dont give a shit about others. Clearly this women is that type of person. It would be even better if cyclists stopped jumping red lights and riding on pedestrian only paths!!!!!!!!!!!!! There is no absolute right to run over people EVEN IF they are in the wrong lane. If she really broke her leg NEVER BUT NEVER PICK UP THE KID just let it lay still and call an ambulance! U could make it worse! I'm not aware of very many 'cycle only' paths round my way.  There are plenty, though, which are clearly marked as being for the shared use of cyclists and pedestrians.  Whose fault it is when a cyclist hits a pedestrian in those circumstances is less clear cut. Some of these riders go far to fast along these bike paths and when people are right there then this is the end result. GET ON THE ROAD WHERE YOU BELONG! There's a sidewalk 2 blocks away why not walk there? The moral of the fucking story is that one the person on the bike should keep watch always (no blame on him/her on the bike) and two the people who walk on bike paths FUCKING HAVE IT COMING don't be a parent that walks in those cuz those parents gotta fucking see there kid crying in so much pain she just wants to die so that's karma for them the kid was innocent and had to pay for there STUPID ASS DECISION by breaking HER LEG NOW SHE WONT EVER RIDE A BIKE NICE GOING IDIOTS YOU SCARRED YOUR KID AND BROKE HER LEG idiots am I right? moral of the story is pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way - bikes are very dangerous ! This reminds me about the time I was riding my bike on the recreational path. There's a curve path going uphill, but there's a bench on the side and it's a bit of a blind spot. 2 mothers are sitting and I see a child's carriage and a little girl standing beside it. As I'm riding up the curved hill and passing the mothers. From out of the blue a small 2 or 3 yrs old boy starts walking on to the path from where the carriage. I didn't see that, but manage to see him in time to avoid. Then you hear the mothers shouting at me. Listen. It's a bike path and you had the gull to allow your 2 yrs old son walk into the path. How stupid can you be? You are the saddest bicycle rider. How come cyclists always blame the driver of vehicles when accidents happen.
but when their vehicle hits a pedestrian its still not their fault when they are in charge of the vehicle (bicycle)
They should be made to have insurance Like other vehicle users on the road and how many of them have sat any training to be on the road. The woman on the bike, attempting to exaggerate her injuries to get sympathy, tut tut tut The person making this video is an idiot.  Just because pedestrians shouldn't be in the bicycle lane doesn't mean the cyclists can suddenly bike blindfolded and run over everybody in their lane.  Slow down you stupid fucks and pay attention to what you are doing.  I hope the parents of the little girl sued the dumbass cyclist that ran over their daughter. There is only one case when pedestrians are allowed to walk on the bike path: when there is no sidewalk to walk on, only the bike path.

And in that case, the person should keep to the edge of the bike path as much as possible, and if there is more the one person, they should be moving in a single file, in order to leave the bike path clear for cyclists. I have done this as a pedestrian when it was necessary, and no cyclist have compained yet. 

On the other hand, as a cyclist, I have encountered a group of pedestrians just a day ago, occupying the entire bike path when there was a separate sidewalk provided for them. No comment. Cyclist fault. People are allowed to walk bike paths. kid deserved it It looks like half of the bicyclists are on the wrong side too.  Bicycles and pedestrians don't mix very well.  Keep them physically separated at all times. Cyclists must be destroyed, they should have zero rights when it comes to riding on streets, or on any path.  There should be no cycling paths.  If you want to pretend you're 13 years old again, ride the life cycle or life fitness or precor stationary bike at the gym, you out of shape mindless retards.  Learn jiujitsu or some other skill and be productive, you pansies.  Be advised I refuse to respond to you if you have a double digit iq, and I'll be the one to ascertain your stupidity based on your response, not you. Totally disagree. To hurt someone like that you must of been going at some speed. Just because it's a cycle lane doesn't mean it's ok to ride fast. Cyclists clearly at fault, it's simple. or use your head and slow down when you see that theres a child infront of u and dont just think fuck it this is for cyclists so they shouldnt be there anyway Fucking dumbass mom not only does she fucking yell at the cyclist she also MOTHER FUCKING picks up her daughter with a broken leg! Hope that mom fucking learns some good parenting for once in her life! This was all written in a fit of rage srry now you cyclists know what it's like when you cycle on the pavement. predestrians always have right of way the question is this, is that lane where cyclists are allowed to go purely reserved for them? That looks like a route where pedestrians and cyclists are sharing the same path and there is a designated area marked for cycling but my understanding is that on shared paths like this where it is half and half, considerate cycling is allowed within the designated area and pedestrians have priority throughout. So cyclists do not own that designated area, cyclists are being asked to stick to that area and not cycle in the pedestrian area but they should still give way to children and pedestrians and cycle with caution, thats how it works in the cycle lanes in the parks in London, but try telling a cyclist a designated cycle lane is not solely reserved for their use and that on shared paths pedestrians always have priority, they go totally nuts with rage at the idea of it, I've seen it happen, aggressive speeding cyclists screaming at kids who put  a foot in the cycle area, it would seem to be a difficult concept for cyclists to understand that a cycle lane is merely an area designated where cycling is allowed and not an exclusive zone, this would be the case on a shared path, for safety reasons. the moral of the story.......when there are pedestrians on your bike path then cycle faster!!!!!..... Thats a multi use path not a cycle lane. The bicycle symbol on the ground is to tell cyclists to stay to the right of the path to avoid collisions with other cyclists. There is nothing that forbids pedestrians from using it as well. Regardless! You see pedestrians slow the fuck down, the family shouldn't have been there but no doubt the rider wasn't riding responsibly. Cyclists are the worst law breakers out there, never stop for stop signs , ride the sidewalk to get around lights, pass on the right, so your credibility sucks Darwin-ism.  Offspring of inattentive parents get hit by things. Lucky it was only a bike and not something sharper If you can't avoid hitting a stationary object (a person), it's YOUR fault you idiot -- by definition it means you are going too fast. Well if that's the moral of the story then hears one to all cyclists..... keep off the road cos if one of you gets run over then it's your own fault It may be 'cyclists only' but at that point there was no signage visible saying 'no pedestrian' and at least two points where pedestrians could enter. Even so let us assume that it is a pedestrian free pathway this doesnt remove the responsibility on the cyclist to  travel at a safe speed!!!!......Cyclists insist that cars treat them with care when on the road so why can they do the same for others???.... There's a similar reason why cyclist shouldn't be in car lanes...  Cyclists are self-righteous arrogant scumbags and the most important thing, to them, is making others mad, because, """"It's our right to be here!"""" that's why i say you should ride on the road... you are a vehicle after all. On the Brooklyn bridge we have the opposite problem. Bicyclists are up all over the pedestrian lane. It appears as though the bikers don't respect the pedestrians either. This was so sad. Poor little girl. and where are people supposed to walk? In the road.The cyclist is a dick.Obviously did not bother to slow down when he knew people were there.Selfish twat. no. 
Pedestrian Hits Cyclist Typical wanker ,heartless cyclist bike lane is the express way of any cyclist... you are totally an idiot if you walk on that bike lane as a pedestrian. who the fuck do you cyclists think you are you think you own the roads and the paths its for pedestrians aswell i hope all you wankers get trampled under a truck fuckin poofs in spandex never been there, but it is NOT clear that it's reserved only for bicycles. how the fuck do you break a leg when getting hit by a bicycle? Now u know how drivers feel when u entitled bicyclists are on tbe road. These damn bike riders think they own the streets! why go so fast when you know that there are kids walking on these lanes. The OP has a moral of a story lol pathetic. It's just about being careful the same as a car has to be careful with a cyclist. You say as if pedestrians aren't allowed on bike paths but bicycles are allowed on the road? Everyone just be careful accidents happen!! People just want to blame others all the time. This gets me angry like the little girl doesnt know but the parents are stupid asf and its 100% their fault No one to blame except the parents. I ask you this. ... would you walk in the middle of the fucking road with your family??? No!!! So why walk the fuck up a segregated, purpose built cycle lane and put your kids safety and that of a cyclist in danger???  Fucking stupid!! Nothing else. Pedestrians have right of way over all moving vehicles. PERIOD! Only sign I saw was the one painted on the ground showing it was approved for bikes. Is there a sign saying no pedestrians? If not, then YOU were in the wrong.. There are also signs like that on normal roads. that doesn't mean NO cars unless it was out of the normal car lane. why call the police when there is 2 police already there... Agghhhh its so frustrating!!! I always try to be as respectful as possible cycling around pedestrians but makes it very hard when they don't respect you.. Every 20 seconds trying to get around people in the bike lanes and then they look at you like you have done something wrong >:( i am a cyclist, always respect the laws, red light yield pedestrians, and even cars, but when ppl walking on the lanes are around i just like to hurt them, here is the list 

Run over toes: 5
Knocked cellphones: 7
Hit someone to the ground: 1 (this was unintentionally since the woman was texting and crossed a blind spot into the bike lanes while on green like for me)
Scared ppl with loud horn: 20+ 

all these where done because they did not follow the rules. brother is retarded. Cries like it's the end of the world when it's just a fucked leg jesus christ as bikelife, id peddle off, and wouldnt care she came in my lane You should of told those stupid people it's for bike is it legal if u were just to apologize and continue on cycling or is that considered a hit and run? Idiotic kid If you didnt know

In syon park i was playing pokemon go and i wasnt looking at the phone i was looking ahead not jk and this bike his me with my nose sorta hurting i was crying but my iphone screen got ruined back my dad frkin let him of so he got away without paying but my screen is fixed now I think they have both responsibility for the accident, because if you are with pedestrians, you have to be slow and cautious about them. I also cycle on special roads with two lines for bicycles and pedestrians and go slow. It's the pedestrians fault for being in the fucking cycle lane Is this in France? as bad as the accident was if anyone should be charged it's the mother To the people calling the kid dumb, you are heartless, she's only young.

The blame falls with the ignorant parents, who wrongly shout at the cyclist, a collision was bound to happen if the cyclists have to weave around pedestrians jaywalking on cyclepaths.
My city has a network of shared use paths that pedestrians are supposed to walk on the right side, but constantly there are groups who walk abreast taking up the whole path, or kids who suddenly lunge out while I'm passing even though I rung my bell, you cannot blame the cyclist unless you have proof they were themselves being careless. Why these idiots riding so fast when they know there are pedestrians there?
Dumbasses everywhere Where's this? it's guidance not mandatory,  cyclists should take more care. You want to bitch about people not walking on their lanes yet you people don't ever stop at a red light on the street. You guys act like your above the law. Yet when a cyclist can't get through it's ok for them to get on the pavement? Slow down then you fucking retards Why didn't they walk on the freaking sidewalk just over the hedge???  God, they are acting like U.S. fucktards rather than Europeans. Just because it's a dedicated bike path doesn't mean it's okay to ride through and around people at unsafe speeds. You couldn't  get away with this type of behavior driving in a car on the road.  

To car and truck drivers, the bicyclists are the annoying pedestrians. You tell US that we need to respect your space and give you room, yet you are doing the exact same thing to the pedestrians that's being done to you. 

As the driver of a large pick-up truck, I will continue to give you your space and I will continue to drive safely around you because it's the right thing to do and because to not do so would be illegal and I would be held criminally and financially liable for my actions if you were to be harmed (despite the fact that you are an annoyance).  I would suggest that you consider giving pedestrians the same courtesy. Mowing them down and acting like it's their fault isn't going to work very well for you. im getting p1ssed off at the fact cyclists think they own the roads and the pavements..   Yes its a cycle / footpath but it doesn't mean the cyclist own the bloody thing and have to go hammering it down there at full speed.  You are riding potentially lethal Victorian contraptions. you broke this girls leg, you wouldn't do that if you were riding considerately..  So if a pedestrian happens to cross over the not existent white line then its ok to smack into them is it!?   By all means scycle down there but be bloody careful.. don't think its your path and fk everyone else...  PRICKS Well at least the girl will know not to limp on cyclepaths in future. stupid just because your on a bike doesnt mean you can people over dumb onion eaters There is ONE PLACE indicating it is a bike path and that is far far away from the accident? How the fuck would you have people should know that path is for bikes when there are NO signs? So its ok to run people down then ? so you are telling me that you always stop at stop signs and red lights and you never ever break the laws that are meant to regulate cyclists? if that's true then you know you are a great rarity among cyclists. I hate cyclists I go to parks wear walkers joggers and cycling is allowed but its the cyclists going 25 30 mph yelling at you to move out of the way if want to go that fast stay on streets with your stupid ass uniforms here in Australia cyclists dont have to pay any road tax or registration to ride on our roads, yet the government spends millions every year on special bike lanes and bike paths for cyclists. 
i understand that pedestrians need to be careful, but pedestrians have right of way at any time.
i would have much more respect for cyclists if they helped pay for the millions the government spend on them every year.

you need a licence to drive a car, but anyone can just hop on a bike and ride on any public road at any time... it needs to be regulated or some kind of licensing implemented. This happens to me all the time, I'm in a cycle Lane some careless parent let's their kid run around in a cycle Lane and I have to stop to make sure I don't hit them. Don't get me wrong, I feel bad for the kid, but it's just a case of bad parenting. I hope all of you bikers fall flat on your faces. You ride on the street all the time and the cars have to dodge your punk asses. You should be road kill there are no entrances to what is said to be a cycle lane in area where the accident happened.
Whether the people should have been there or not, the cyclist should have seen them and slowed down.
If people are walking on a road, motorists have to slow down if they can. Most """"bike paths"""" are for use by bikes and pedestrians. At least where I'm from. The way you feel about pedestrians staying off bike paths is the way the rest of us feel about bikes staying off streets. thats the moral car drivers would say to cyclists on the road Shouldn't have been walking on the bike path in the first place. Douchebag bicyclist She has a broken leg? How fast was the cyclist going? Perhaps cyclists should acknowledge that there are kids about and adjust their speed it's 
hazard awareness . the title should be pedestrian hits cyclist xD Whoever filmed this is a horrible c*nt moral of the story, ring ya bell well in advance and still use common sense when cycling near people Regardless of the rules of the road in whichever country, whether or not a pedestrian should or should not be walking on a cycle path, if you are cycling and are crossing the path of a pedestrian, especially young children, slow down and be ready to stop...the cyclists in this video are passing far too quickly and in the majority of cases, if a cyclist hits a pedestrian, no matter where they happen to be walking, the cyclist is at fault.
Pedestrians are more vulnerable than cyclists, just as cyclists are more vulnerable than cars...let this be a lesson to  people to look out for each other, and minimise the risk of injury by riding responsibly It doesn't matter if it's a bike lane, walkers or joggers anyone without a vehicle always has the right of way bikers don't vehicles don't motorcycles don't they do not u dumbass, when ur on a road designed for cars do people run you over no u have the right of way and now they do It's gotta be hard to be a cyclist Moral of this story is:Dont be french. Be someone else.  Hahahaah i hope the mother got arrested our something Simple -  dont ride so fast like an idiot even on your cyclist route because there are CHILDREN about so it does give right to be knocking people over ! Younthink you are the centre of the universe with your push bikes and everyone has to see you, well you are not! You are dangerous to everyone on the roads and off them! It doesnt matter who the lane is intended for, you cant just hit people and it be ok. Slow down! Your logic would mean its okay for cars to hit people who cross the street or cyclists who don't follow the street laws too. Don't be a douche bag, slow down and watch were you are going! Now you know how the drivers of vehicles feel with you cyclist twats on the road. its time cycling becomes a sport only. grow up get a car Cyclists, or as I like to refer to them - donors; need to understand that they are anathema to all. You are too slow for roads and too fast for pedestrians. You are a current fad and when enough of you die or sufficient of you kill you will be regulated and this will kill the fad. Meanwhile, we are watching you.Yours sincerelyYour friendly coroner Pedestrians always have priority over any vehicle. As a driver you have to factor in the daftness of people walking in front of you. Good job it was not my little girl, the cyclist would have been pulling thath bike out of thrir butt hole. You cycling idiots stay off the streets ,for cars,same rule applies It's like walking in the middle of a motorway with your family and then when someone gets hit, going """"HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?! YOU HORRIBLE HUMAN BEING!"""" It's the same here in leeds. They've just spent a fortune creating cycle lanes and idiot people walk in them all the time.
I don't cycle slowly,.sooner or later I'll hit someone, hope I don't get hurt 😉 Funny enough, in America bicycles are considered """"vehicles"""" and regardless of it being a bicycle path, if they hit a pedestrian it's their fault, just as it would be their fault for hitting a pedestrian on the street. i think common sense and a bell is needed here he could have let them know she was there not just plough into them and say they were in my lane Cyclists should have their own lane If you people walking on the road you slow your car down, or you may have to stop your car.. Why would you not slow your bike down if you see people in a bike only path?> And cyclists don't ride on footpaths! Cycle a bit slower and avoid hitting pedestrians. Just stop riding bikes near pedestrians you moron! What's the moral of the story? Riding bikes in France is dumb. All these people are dickwads. There's literally a sidewalk next to the bike path!!! Now you know how we feel when you morons are in the middle of the road. That's right. Don't walk on bike paths. Use the railroad tracks to walk down. Oh all you cyclists on your cycle lanes, you have to slow down for the unpredictable pedestrians, you are the one controlling the machine! Before you kill someone!!! Now swap cyclists with driver, cycle lanes with roads, and pedestrians with cyclists, here we are, I call this a double standard. Yeah, bikes paths are only for non-motorized vehicles... over dramatic girl, she is fine. I ran over my sister with a bike before, she was fine and tried to beat my ass for it. biker doesn't deserve to be treated like that, mother deserves that shit, makes me want to meet the mother and tell her that's shes a bad influence and a shit mother who doesn't know common sense!! why are ppl so fucking self entitled?  if you see children on a bike path wheather they should be there or not SLOW THE FUCK DOWN children are unpredictable. if  a kid was in the middle of the road would you just run them over and say """"shouldn't of been there"""" or """"i didn't have a choice"""" 
common sence and a little patience would avoid so many accidents. its funny that you whine about people walking in the bike lane yet you cyclists love to ride on the roads """"reserved"""" for cars. I had an accident by the people in the lane. That's not a joke, a bicycle accident is like any other accident. When I had the accident I received all the injuries , I broke my collarbone , just to dodge a girl, I changed of lane and I crashed with other cyclist. Cycles should be on the road... """"Dont walk on bike paths""""?

No, the moral is, watch where you're going and slow right down around children, you fucking idiot!

(Or, when a car driver hits you on the road, were you just an obstacle to them?)

CONSIDER the vulnerable road users you share space with, even if they shouldnt be there. Pedestrians have the right of way. Not cyclists. And that ignorant stupid mother yells at cyclist like it was hers fault.
Stupid woman. Blame the parents... Moral of the story. Slow down you fuckwits! I really have to take some footage of cyclists on pedestrian only paths in front of where I work.  There are ignorant pedestrians, and there are also ignorant cyclists.  Really, it's just about stupid humans doing stupid human things.  Love and kisses to all of you. xxooxx then cyclist should not ride on the fucking road same can be said you cyclist must be such shit riders that you can not avoid a pedestrian or slow the fuck down what's the fucking hurry idiot After listening to all you fuckwits, here's the deal. I've read all your comments and you are undoubtedly the most arrogant shits. Firstly you are riding a machine with enough speed and velocity to maim or kill. It is your DUTY to be a responsible adult s and its NOT good enough to behave like petulant shits. When riding on the road you have a duty of care to act for yourself and others. You have very few rights and many responsibilities. You should be aware, as any road user, that cars or pedestrians may move or act impulsively and moderate your speed accordingly. Clearly you do not have exclusive rights to these paths, yes, paths. Any pedestrian has a right to expect other users to act proactively to prevent accidents. You are all acting as if you are all special. You are NOT. 99 percent of you have no respect when it comes to your legal and moral expectations, including all of the following. No lights at night at all. Riding with out the ability to hear other road users (earphones ) Not respecting any road laws, wrong way down no entry, riding on sidewalks. Not looking. I'd be glad to see more of you morons squashed like road kill. There said and done. The next time a cyclist gets hit by a car! The moral of the story is stay off the road!! I have a bike path next to my house, ironically to get to the public park you have to use the bike path. I have taught my 3 year old how to walk to the side of the path so the bikes have plenty of space, its not that hard to keep an eye on your child. This child was probably running in front of the cyclists and her mother probably didn't care until she got hurt. oh, its a cycle lane? we dont give a shit! APPROACH WITH CAUTION ANY OBSTACLE and RIDE WITH CARE AND ATTENTION

fuckwit on a bike By the way, that was on them. for gods sake its for bikes only!!! Mom: """"how could you do that?!?!"""" """"Ummm how about you rush her to the hospital and find a fluffin sidewalk!!!"""" yes I know she broke her leg, but seriously. Entitled Man-Child.....how dare they walk in your path ,  slowing down for them is obviously out of the question ......... People in developed society are so focused on having their rights, that they sometimes forget common sense... if the cyclists would just slow down to walking speed all users of the path could live and travel in peace and harmony! LMAO lets take a moment to look at the moral of the story. """" don't walk on bike paths""""   hhmmmm.   take your own advice, don't ride your damn bike in the street. you are an obstacle and in the way. moral should be slow the fuck down around kids, they are unpredictable, bicyclist should be charged with assault imo. I disagree Pedestrian are first, not matter they are walking in the cycles lane. I am a cycler too, but they are more exposed to damages than us in a bike. Cycles need to slow down before one of them kills a child. no, the moral of the story is be careful and don't be an ass while riding your bike """"These pedestrians are obstacles"""" at the speed you were riding, they are targets. In most countries pedestrians have priority whether it is a 'bike lane' or not as other people have said ride at a defensive speed. The mother should not have picked up the girl if her leg was broken she could cause further injury to blood vessels in the leg, although judging by the age of the child it would have been likely to be a young bone """"greenstick"""" fracture.
What is the moral? Give pedestrian a wide birth and slow down. Bike lanes don't give cyclists the right to bully pedestrians who happen to be in their way. You know you right there were people walking in the bike lane here. But there were also bikes on the walk lane as well? No such thing as a considerate cyclist. Self important bunch of twats, all of them. If my child or sister was hit by a cyclist I would beat the face off of the cyclist. your the one on the machine you the one responsible there is no markings where little girl was hit! who ever was riding must of been going to fast! and the mother should of been looking out! either way cyclist is in the wrong!!! The moral is fair enough, but cycle paths should have speed limits. The speed you were going on that small width of path!!! looked really fast! cycling slower and i reckon that little girl wouldnt have been on the floor crying! Poor child! if you aren't riding TOO FAST then this doesn't become a problem. I hope the poor innocent ting is OK. Please bike riders, BE CAREFUL and SLOW down, for your sake and the people who's safety you jeopardize. if it's acceptable for cyclists to hit little children, then it should also be acceptable for motorists to run over cyclists when they are on the road. it has a bike symbol where you started the video... but where the crash happened (approx 200m away) there is no indication that its a bike path really. both party's are dumb you got kids and your riding fast and peaple that don't care to pay attention its like when y'all are in the street and never look before y'all cross The cycle path should of being marked all the way along it. the same reason cyclists should use cyclepaths and not roads maybe??? pedestrians always have the right ov way even over you douche cyclist. I disagree with the comment about peds on bike lane.
Yet peds need to walk on the side of the bike path instead of in the middle.(and only if no better facility available, like here)
A cyclist should have a bell to alert peds they are coming.
When cyclists is on peds lane he should slow down. Also when overtaking peds on a bike lane.
People should stop racing on the road and expect everything to be fine. 
Also if you are on the road, pay attention to what you are doing. Don't let you kids run around on the roads. 
It is about having some sense of responsibility. If you ignore this common sense you get hurt or hurt somebody else!! who else laughed when they heard the little girl crying? I love how you get so pissed of when people get on your bike lane. But yet you cyclists feel the need to get on the road like total dumbfucks and then we get pissed off at you and you get all defensive about it. BOTH the pedestrians AND the cyclist are in the wrong. Yes the pedestrians shouldn't be walking on a clearly designated bike lane, BUT...that doesn't mean the cyclists should be racing past them. Don't ride your bike so fast you fucking idiot the moral of the story: Slow the FUCK down bikers! even if you do have right of way!!! Stop if necessary! Cyclists!!

Our cycle lane is for no one but us.

But roads our also ours as well as paths.




fuck off cyclists. Arrogant ending. Hmmm. Kind of how I feel about bikes in car traffic. Bike lane or not, people WHERE walking the path, so slow the fuck down! Two wrongs don't make a right...... Lots of idiots around, cant read worth shit, and think bicycles dont follow the same laws has cars. The French really are pussies. In Iraq, I was run over by a bike when I was 5 years old. I just got up and kept walking. Didn't even say ouch. First of all that girl didn't deserve that and the biker should pay attention to the surroundings. I hope the girl is back to 100% percent. 
 As a cyclist I only get hit by cars in the bike lane. I got hit by a car and went to the side walk to 'walk it off' and a man in his mid 20:s said that bikers should be on the road I told him I'm on the side walk because I'm terrified of the drivers sometimes. I ride as if I am invisible to traffic. Yet I get people accidently and believe it or not purposely hitting me with their cars. This and daily harassment from a head poping out the window slurring out every bad word and phrase possible. Being a biker takes a toll on people. If a biker is slowly cruising their bike on the side walk and is being very polite don't give them grief. We have to deal with ROAD RAGE and intoxicated drivers and abuse. For me its daily, DAILY! I do nothing to provoke!!! 

Chicago Illinois, DownTown area Because your sentiment infers that you have a right to ride dangerously in a cycle lane 
And if you cause injury or damage you somehow feel exonerated of any responsibility?
I'll remember that when in driving my 14 tonne truck on a duel carriageway 
Where your fucking cycle lane doesn't go I always slow down when i see any children or unaware pedestrians. Bikes are very silent, people can't hear them and mostly they change direction without looking and bam you hit a pedestrian. I hope the cyclist had no problems with this situation. It's called a bell. Ding it a few times on approach to silly pedestrians. Cyclist seem to have selective memory when I comes to the rules, Do any of you all know who has """"right of way"""" on a cycle path ? ....THE PERSON IN FRONT.  I know its a strange concept to require  a cyclist to avoid things right in front of there face but its more practical ( and safer) to not blame people for not having eyes in the back of there heads. Don't agree, bikers need to slow down or they might hurt little girls. I'm a cyclist, but I'm not sure I fully agree. Yes, in an ideal world, if pedestrians would stick to their side it'd make life a lot easier, but because that so rarely happens, I think, as cyclists, we should accept that we may have to go slower and take more care. Are these actually cycle only paths? in the UK we have things like this, they are shared cycle and pedestrian paths, you can ride but you have to ride at a reasonable speed and it's your responsibility to alert pedestrians with a bell if you're coming up from behind. It's a straight path can't see why the cyclist couldn't see the pedestrians. If you're cycling too fast and aren't paying attention to hazards ahead then you are being careless. Same rules for cyclists as it is for cars and I can't see why the cyclist should be absolved from blame wow...there's even a sidewalk right there too... :( Poor little girl.  Gosh but her parents though....I feel so bad. The little brother started crying for his sister (rather shocked or is sad about it). Awwww. :(﻿ (Although I kind of feel bad for the cyclist, that wasn't his intention..OR WAS IT..DUNDUNDUN.) People are obstacles correct? So i guess a cyclist using the road when there is a cycle lane next to it, therefore holding up ROAD USERS who pay tax etc.. I guess they aren't an obstacles.. nope.. they're a fucking menace! If that was my kid Id beat that fucker to death right on the spot with his own shoes. Fuck going to jail.
What kind of piece of shit runs over a littel girl??? French. God damn French people....... Ok, sure, it's """"clearly"""" marked as a bike path ... but only at the beginning.  There are numerous opening for pedestrians to enter where it does NOT indicate that path is for bicycles only.

Cyclist always complain that motorist should be aware of them, but no cyclist every attempts to be aware of pedestrians.  Not to mention when they run through red lights and stop signs when pedestrians are crossing by zig-zagging through them. I've lived in Montreal for over 50 years....and when they started to have bicycle paths it wasn't meant to be only used by bicyclists.  Walkers, runners, inline skaters and skateboarders are allowed to used them.  Only motorized vehicles were not supposed to use them.  If a cyclist hits a walker or skateboarder then it's the cyclist fault.  If a skateboarder or inline skater hits a walker, then it's the skateboader and/or inline skater's fault.  Although I admit some idiot parents let their kids run all over the path.
Btw, I skateboard, inline skate, bike and jog on those paths.  Heck, in the winter I cross-country on those paths and grass. Cyclists drive me insane... but at least he was in a bike lane! In my city, they are just riding all over the middle of the road slowing down traffic, running lights, and go in and out of traffic. Was there any thing posted that banned pedestrians?  I saw nothing. I don't usually stick up for cyclists, but they were on a path that the town made specifically for CYCLISTS!!  Those idiots should know they are taking a risk of getting hit, unfortunately the poor little girl had to pay the price for her parents stupidity Here is the deal parents out there in the world if you wanna keep your kids safe from cylcle accsidents then please just stay to the damn pedestrian sidewalk. funny how bikes have no problem riding on roads, but do have a problem with pedestrians on bike lanes. Fuck cyclists they think they own the streets here in MTL...they should understand that they got a PRIVILEGE to have a path its not a RIGHT they have won! Let them get hit by a cyclist while being pedestrians see how THAT feels!!! Fuckers...if a cyclists gets near me I would just kick them away on the street to learn a lesson how to ride respectfully paying attention to children and elders...PIECES OF SHIT! why are they all crying its sad but she not gunna die I don't care if the road was reserved for bicyclists. POS should have been watching where he was going. Cyclists have NO PROBLEM using roads that were MADE for cars. And they are even RUDE and entitled about it! That wouldn't excuse me for hitting a cyclist for riding on an open highway. SMH Poor little girl. Why all the anger and disrespect in all these comments?  Owning a computer doesn't render civil skills obsolete. It's sad I feel bad for the little girl but pedestrians really shouldn't be walking on bike lanes it's really dangerous I'm a cyclist myself Interesting...
There's also a reason you should stop at stop signs, not try to squeeze in between cars stopped at lights or even cars that are moving, not impede traffic, not behave obnoxiously (slamming on brakes, swerving in front of cars to make a point, riding on a HIGHWAY, etc.).
But yeah, let's instead totally abdicate responsibility for ANYTHING we do and """"blame the victims"""".
You self-absorbed, entitled a**holes.
So if one of you guys has a collision with a car, it's automatically the driver's fault.
If one of you hits a pedestrian, it's the pedestrian's fault.
Must be nice to live in your world.
Wish it was legal to straight up clothesline you jerks clean off your bikes.
But it ain't, so unlike YOU, I have to obey the law. Idiot - it was a child - children don't have the discipline at that age - cyclist should be aware of the unexpected - and if she was going as fast as you, then she's in the wrong - ride according to the conditions - if people about, especially children, slow down and expect the unexpected. No people about - go as fast as you like. Goddamit, Tribeca2011! You nailed it! Don't know how many times I've been in that situation (as a biker, in a different city)... poor child, got her leg broken because of bad parents ;( i feel bad for the kid and the lady on the bike. and the mother have the balls to blame the lady rider... just sad This is a lesson that girl will never forget mother of the year award. god damn what a fucking idiot. its her own damn fault her kid is hurt. It is clearly a bike path. Do you walk on a highway and then not to expect to get hit by a car? Use simple bloody brains Most disgraceful thing I've seen a fucken cyclist deliberately crashing into a child.This cyclist should be stoned to death.This is a complete disgrace and all pushbike riders should be held responsible. Fucken twits Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right away. You hit someone, it is 100% your fault. At least that is the laws in the United States Why is there so much hatred for cyclists in these comments? all the pro cyclist comments here are wrong, because the long pathway is not marked by a continuous line or further markings depicting cycling to warn pedestrians of a bicycle lane.  Also, many cyclist ride their bikes really fast along side pedestrians and they are not supposed to do that because their bike are considered weapons that can kill people.  All accidents caused by negligent individuals riding machines like automated wheelchairs, cars, bikes or manually driven bikes can and will be prosecuted as manslaughter because the rider controlling the auto/cycle  has full responsibility to avoid and not harm pedestrians. Agree that pedestrians should not be using the cycle lane but once you are on a shared path without dividers, cyclists have to slow things down. If there is a bigger chance of pedestrians is in your path (esp. children), legally or illegally, it is better to go at a pace where you can react to surprises. If not you will feel sorry for yourself and others hurt in the process even though you might feel you are right. Darwin's work lives on. Walking on a bike path and not giving way to bikes is as buttfuck stupid as walking down the middle of the road and expecting to not get cleaned up by a car. Then they're all like 'how could you do such a thing!' way to be a good parent you dumb bitch. more like sorry little french fagget screams and cries like a bitch. Sounds like a pig squealing. White people are such cry babies. Make a big scene about a bike hitting you and I'm sure her leg wasn't broke but just sprained. I don't mean to sound like an ass, but people have to ride/drive more defensively. If you come across a potentially dangerous situation, it's in your best interest and others' best interest for you to slow down (kids are very unpredictable in their movements. I would know, a kid jumped on a coworker's lap and gave him a concussion by headbutting his chin)... That's what I told the judge when I ran that 5 year old little boy over and killed him. I said, """"It's not my fault. He shouldn't have been in the road.""""

As I soon found out, that doesn't fly in court.

I'm being sarcastic or course. It's a parents duty to keep their kids out of the bike lane. However cyclists also have a duty to expect that there may be hazards, and not ride faster than what is safe. Cyclists also possess eyes, and hopefully brains too, so maybe using the brakes on paths where pedestrians are present is a good idea? It's ok whinging that the pedestrians shouldn't be there, but they were. Sometimes using a little common sense is a good idea. The man on the bike should be aware at all times, I do say that, be thats only 25% of the reason that girl got hit, they don't CARE if they are on the bike lane, a perfectly good sidewalk is no different, so why not use that and avoid the trouble?
I guess the world has taken its course through the lazy part. poor kid, bikers should look where they are going I understand there is a lane for cycles and pedestrians, but still, If you are on a bike right next to a path with kids and wandering citizens, there should be a level of precaution reserved for accidents. You can't say """"Oh you stepped over the line, here's a broken leg you stupid little girl to teach you a lesson.
Bikes are very easily controlled and should always be under full control of it and always looking around you. I think the mother should be locked up for a few days or get a fat ticket. I live in US and there are babies running around a bike trail where cyclists hit 30mph. That was right between 2 90degree sharp turns. I hit these corners at 20-27mph. There's a bunch of kids running around. All the parents are grillining steak. They got mad when I yelled """"get your fucking kids out of the way"""" as I almost ran a few over. One little Bitch tried kicking my wheel before I even said anything. I wish she did. Her tiny limb would get chopped to bits by the spokes and I would just ride on. Terrible people. I'm telling you """"There's a reason why you shouldn't walk on the bike path, and this clip will tell you so.""""
Funnily enough, that's also the same reason cyclists shouldn't be on the road. NO ARGUMENT. Actually if you see from 00:17 - 00:20 there is no signs that this is a cycle lane. How would pedestrians know if they just came in from there? Its simply impossible for them to know and clearly its the states fault that this happened and this was just a matter of time before it happened. Yes you shouldn't walk on a designated bicycle path that prohibits pedestrians. Bigger issue shown in this vid though is that we shouldn't be subjected to having our kids legs broken if we don't understand the rules. We are supposed to look out for one another, right? The bicyclist was not operating at a prudent speed around peds. I'm sure this is required. Don't get scammed into thinking you are in the right, like the bicyclist, when everyone knows it's not ok to break little girls legs. 
Also the poster ended the vid with a sad attempt at a solution, a proclamation that dreamland will save us. Unfortunately there will always be people who don't understand the rules and there will always be people walking on that path. I'm sure the city of Montreal does not have the resources to expend to ensure that no peds use the path.
Here's the moral of the story if you want to eliminate these incidents;
It's up to the Bicyclists to operate, under the conditions found, at a prudent speed to ensure safety. If a school bus broke down and the driver had the kids make their way to safety across the path it wouldn't be prudent to maintain speed and complain about kids that don't follow rules. Don't get scammed! it's a cycle lane people............why would you risk your childs well being by walking on a cycle lane????????????????????????? please people this is plain common sense, don't walk on a marked cycle lane
would you walk your children down the middle of a busy road???????????????? People ride bikes on foot paths all the time, do a video making awareness of this.
Cyclist once again at fault, it wasn't a cycle only lane the sign was just pointing out traffic flow for cyclists The moms fault Exactly the same issue in the UK, shared pedestrian and cycle paths. Pedestrians have right of way, but that doesn't stop some suddenly changing direction/ stepping out into the paths of cyclists. Need a better system... over dramatic. Child is fine. Its the shock that makes them cry. Parents didn't help here at all. So, what you are saying is if people cycle on roads then we as motorists should treat them the same way the pedestrian was treated here. Ie run them over? @Tribeca2011 For being arrogant and inconsiderate that there was a child involved, I hope 1 you don't have kids, and 2 that you crack your skull open on that same piece of concrete... That would be good I think this is the fault of the pedestrian/s. There are clearly marked signage stating which lanes to use. Having said that cyclists must be aware of their surrounds and plan ahead. Not everyone is obedient to the rules and regulations. Always expect the unexpected. You deserve it, piece of shit. i can see your frustration, there's a perfectly good sidewalk for pedestrians to walk upon Stupid people. What's next? She didn't know she would get hit by a car in the free way? Yes she's a little girl but her and her parents should have saw the signs FUCK cyclist Road Tax dodger. Dangerous cycling. should be banned Plain and simple, there is a designated cycle line so pedestrians should no be on it. Thats the rule, fact so we know who was in the wrong. Ok, then apply this also... roads are for motorvehicles NOT cyclists !!! So stay the bloody hell out ... I'm sick and tired of cyclists taking roads and not let traffic be fluid. Lady: How could you do such a thing!?
How dare this """"Mother"""" let her child roam around an active vehicle lane. Bike nazis think they own the road. Pedestrians have the right away. Biker fault automatically. Does the note about walking on bike paths apply to cyclists on pavements as well by any chance? You hit my little girl, wrong or not, you are dead! BIKERS FAULT AGAIN! THE PATH CHANGED FROM MARKED TO UNMARKED, then the bikers should walk their bikes no common sense must be Rockefeller university educated!!! fuckin cyclist plays victim when get mowed down by a car and cry then tells the pedestrian to learn to avoid the cyclist. seems like they are always right no matter what. So cars are supposed to give way to bikes on the road but cyclists can just mow down pedestrians on """"their"""" bike lanes. Just like a car has a responsibility to avoid hitting people on bicycles, Cyclists have a responsibility to avoid hitting pedestrians. The pedestrian being on a cycling path on mitigates a little of the responsibility of the cyclist. A car can't mow down a jaywalking pedestrian with impunity. Neither can a cyclist mow down a pedestrian with impunity. Tbh... No one was at fault here. The bike lanes weren't clearly labelled. And pedestrians should at least walk in two columns when presented by cyclists. Ironic, cyclist telling people to stay out of """"their road"""". Parents who don't keep good control of their kids on pathways or trails used by cyclists are idiots. Yes as cyclists we have to be wary of them but, no matter how careful you are, a kid can always jump into your path at the last second. Of course, to the parents, it's always the cyclists fault... At the end of the day this will teach the parents to keep better control of their kids, the kid will watch what it's doing more on cycleways, and the rider will be more wary of the little brats. Shit happens. Bad things can happen,pedestrians are in the cycle lane,and they not supposed to be there,they can use de dam sidewalk,6 feet away and more larger. Moral of the story is that people shouldnt hurt others. Obviously impossible to tell whos at fault since we dont really see what happened, so idk why's everyone jumping to conclusions. I'm no expert on cycle pathways....does it say no pedestrians allowed? I thought both pedestrians and cyclists were allowed to use these pathways? Does it actually say somewhere """"No pedestrians allowed on the cycle paths""""?
Near where i live there are cycle tracks/walks....Both cyclists and walkers are allowed on them, i've never seen one dedicated just for cyclists.....except for the ones one the side of roads. THe worts example and streets and people on a small sidewalk is a joke to be laughed at and ridiculed and you are wrong they are right.  you should be careful if you want to ride fast ride in the street not on a sidewalk you coward. This was the worst example a biker could give.  The path is to narrow for both and the biker will always break a leg exspecially a little girls leg if you really care you should ride in the street not on a sidewalk where people walk on and there is no room for them or you hit them and break their legs and its a shame you made a video thinking you have the right of way yet you fail to realize that when there is so little room to walk people will not walk in a single file line they are not hearing pack of buffalos or migrating animals they walk horizontally not vertically when there is barely room for two people to walk.  Plus you can also run into them even if they are walking in their own path.  I think for the peoples safety its safer that you ride on the street and not on such a narrow path.  SO you are wrong and the people are right wake up to reality.  Sidewalks are for walking streets are for riding.  Maybe you should care what you are doing.  and such a bad example. Thats the reason why Cyclists should always drive on the road. Much more safer for cyclist and pedestrian. fuck the child, now she'll learn never to stand in a bike path.  Meeting adjourned. Its NOT the cyclist fault, the cyclist was in the cycle lane, but the parents of the girl should have had some sort of intelligence, but on the day there was very little of it.
Its a bit like saying, I got ran over by a car because I was walking in the road all over the place, so it has to be the car drivers fault. Make a video crying about people in the bike lane. Spend over half the video stopped obstructing the lane. Oh, the ironing. It's a busy day, lots of people, cyclists in the pedestrian lane, pedestrians in the cycle lane, just take it easy! People wonder why I hate kids. There are entrance see at 0:18 where there are no markings so tell me how can anyone know its bikes only? I see nothing to say its bikes only? if there is someone there you should be going at a speed you can stop with in you view, so the bike is wrong not a child..... Moral of the story is you are all faggots! ethically you bikers cannot say that pavement belongs to bikes only and then claim ownership on normal vehicular trafficed roads, whatever is public road is ment for whatever the fucking creatures mechanical objects and whatever to ride walk or crawl on aslong as its public and not lawwritten! Funny & ironic that you cyclist say pedestrians shouldn't be on the bike path. Well, motorist feels the same way! Cyclist shouldn't be on the road despite there being a bike path near a curb. Cyclist are """"obstacles"""". Why compete your flesh with a heavy moving projectile? That little girl probably broke her leg but a cyclist... It could be a lot worse! Just saying This is something that tourists in Amsterdam need to know as well.. This is EXACTLY the problem with bicycles on the road... Bicycle is to Pedestrian as Automobile is to Bicycle. As a biker you have to realize there are incautious parents with children everywhere! So use your eyes widely or don't get on a bike! I feel bad for the little girl and I hope she healed up just fine....  I also hope that she and her family will avoid walking in a bicycle lane in the future...  In addition, I hope that they will not walk in the middle of the interstate (because the cars on the interstate could hit them)... I hope they won't walk along train tracks (because the trains might hit them) Poor girl :( Yeah, pedestrians on bike paths are pretty annoying. Imagine how drivers feel when cyclist congest the roadway. Its the exact same thing, now you get a taste of your own medicine.
 On a side note, I cannot believe the amount of emotion over a broken leg, heavy breathing of the person filming, the brother of the girl crying hysterically. Its a broken leg people calm down. I would hate to see the reaction to a REAL emergency. Don't matter if its a bicycle lane, doesn't mean you own it and can speed. You gonna blame the little girl for crossing onto your bike path? Screw that. Slow down and pay attention to whats in front of you. Um, and the cyclist should slow down. Ride to your conditions. It's a none fact 70% of cyclist cant ride a fucking bike only in a straight line any major avoidance situations & they are fucked.
They don't read the roads & the hazards, they want to cycle fast whether it's wet or  they have good Tyres or brakes is another matter.
Kids will run out in front of you they will run out in the road be alert.

It's amazing how you can hire or buy a killing machine without any cycle proficiency test or road worthiness test just get straight on it & play with the traffic & pedestrians.
I dropped it to 70% how's that.
I'm a driver & cyclist  & let me tell you the standards on the roads are getting poorer everyday the more cyclist & motorist get away with the more they do it. People are ignorant no matter what. They will do what ever they want and they will be selfish.  No matter who you are and what you are, you have to protect yourself and only you can do that. Is anyone at fault in this video?  This was an accident. If that little girl or the biker was not there at that time, there would not be an accident.  Accident can be preventable and we all have to look out for ourselves.  I am a biker, but also I am a pedestrian and driver as well.  Please try to view the world and situation in other's shoes and this world could be a lot happier. I hate cyclist, they have all there riding lanes but always ride in to middle of the damn road and cry if u beep the horn, bikes has no signal lights stop lights and dont pay for damn tags, i always ride on the side walk and watch for pedestrians dammit is that too hard to do? It was a cycling AND pedestrian lane if you look at the markings at the beginning.

  As both share this area then cyclist need go slowly not at full speed.

  The cyclist are in the wrong on this one. There was no cycle lane there where the littler girl got hit, screw your overlord cycle rights. Watch out for people and ride safety or get in the road with the cars. When I say """"your"""" I mean anyone that thinks the cyclist is not at fault. Now this little girl is going to have issues with her leg for the rest of her life. when I cycle I tend to slow down around pedestrians, and make use of the bell to gently warn them, I don't want to scare them. I yield to pedestrians rather than blasting right past them at speeds that could break someone's legs. That's how its supposed to be done. I have never come across a cycling lane on a footpath that was prohibited for pedestrians that didn't have barriers.

Stop being an idiot. Pedestrians have the right of way idiot!. Welcome to the world of sharing the roads with others.

How do you think I feel when I roll up behind you, in a 100 000 pound truck, and you REFUSE to give me an INCH of the road.

I HAVE to slow to YOUR speed, and wait to pass, because you """"have rights too"""".

The pedestrians have rights, more so than you or I.

Deal with it, this is karma kicking you in the nuts. Broke a little girls ankle once because she ran out between parked cars, she was about 4 and i just didn't see her. Picked her up and carried her home brought her books and stuff in hospital cause felt bad but it truly wasn't my fault she just ran out! lol why didnt she use brakes, she didnt go over 300 kilometers per fucking hour ...... Je dirais que ce sont les parents qui effectivement ont mis leur enfant en danger, c'est ça qui est dommage aussi... What's the moral of the story......get yourself an annoying bell and ring it regularly. So not only do bicyclists get their own lane on roads they get their own paths on sidewalks too that pedestrians aren't even allowed to walk on? That's messed up... get the same thing in the UK, A cycle patch is for """"BIKES"""" You wouldn't walk down a train track or a motor way. Would you? pedestrians on a cycle path,this doesn't give you the right to maim a defenceless child, your speed and awareness should befit the situation, you yes you sir broke the child's leg with your moronic attitude its a cycle path they shouldn't be there, shame on you,i hope sleepless nights haunt you for a very long time!!!!!! Where there is a footpath the pedestrians should use it. Yet there are no laws against walking on a bicycle path or even rural roads in most of Europe. (ask me how I know... it's in the name...) The girl got hurt, seriously hurt. Her leg was moving in a way it shouldn't. The moral of the story as you put it is one I can't stand behind.

The true moral of the story should be: Keep your distance from kids that can make sudden movements. When a kid gets hurt, the adult is responsible. In this case the parents might have made a questionable choice by walking on a path primarily for cyclists, but ultimately the cyclist is going to be held responsible and liable for her actions. The cyclist's should watch there speed knowing that they know people will walk in the bike lane regardless.  It's only noted after he drives across the street so how is others suppose to know where to walk for example.  I'm not saying the child deserved it, this kind of looks like the crowd that spreads out & just hogs the whole path.  You know sought of like an outdoor shopping mall, where to pass a grp of friends or family you have to walk in the street because they block others from walking past them.  10yr old should know to move out of the way if she see's a fast object coming down the path, it's not hard just common sense.  1 thing I think should be done is that people should be cited/fined who decide to walk in the section of the path where a bike would normally be in. On a shared use path like that a little common sense and consideration is required by all users, and that should include cyclists exercising a bit of caution around children who cannot be relied upon to behave rationally or responsibly (that probably applies to a fair number of adults too). Having a bell is probably a good idea too, to alert other users to your presence, although in the ipod age a klaxon or horn is maybe more appropriate. Irresponsible parent It's rude to say but the mother kinda has to be mad to herself letting little children run infront of a cyclist, it's the pedestrians own fault... Typical French Canadian of her """"How could you do such a thing?"""" when she was in the wrong! Control your kid and don't let them run around when there are people riding bikes at speed, or at any other place where they can get hurt, especially when you are NOT where you are supposed to be in the first place! Poor girl, I feel bad for her, for being in pain and for paying for a mistake that her parent shouldn't have made in the first place! So, your moral is: kids who wander onto the bike path get their legs broken because it's more important that a bicyclist has rights. Personally, I stop when I see a kid in the road. But that's just me. And I don't think there's a moral to that story, either. Theres also a flip side to this ...dont run over people you can clearly see infront of you. If  you were driving a car does that give you the right to run over people because they are walking in the road? you are  just driving to fast I totally guess wrong the moral of the story...I said that Canadians should speak English! Doesn't this apply for the roads as well however? Roads are meant for vehicles, yet some cyclists refuse to use the designated cycle routes and instead use the road, and then complain and moan when a vehicle gets too close. Can't have your cake and eat it, if you expect pedestrians to stay out of the cycle lanes then surely bicycles should stay off of the roads if there is a designated cycle lane. 

But pedestrians have right of way ALWAYS. Even on the road, if there is a green light and you hit a pedestrian crossing the road, it is the vehicles fault, not the pedestrians. Lol, weird, they used to say around the world that my country (Poland) is backward, but as I can see we are far from such dangerous situations like that. Simple, police is just giving warning and tickets for walking on bike paths or red lights, and people are not walking there. Moral of the story: scrap cycle paths. I will be honest I have walked, and do walk, on cycle paths. However, when I do deliberately walk on to on coming cyclists, so that I can see them, and move out of their way so not to cause an accident.. Not going to say I am in the right, because I am not!.

However, it is the pedestrians fault for the accident and NOT the cyclists. Plus if you suspect someone has a broken limb, do not do what the girls mother did and move them. She put her daughter at greater risk of further harm! Common sense is usually what's lacking in these types of accidents. A cyclist should take more care as they are usually travelling much faster and you simply cannot expect a child to have great road sense. Cycle with care and caution in such situations where a cycle path and pedestrians are co-aligned. When I ride my mountain bike I keep well aware of what's around me and travel at speeds appropriate to my surroundings. COMMON SENSE! She got what she deserved I think. No 2 ways about it, her own fault. For people saying slow down are stupid, you don't walk on the road and tell car drivers to slow down because you might get hit. I find it kinda weird that cyclists get all defensive about the road, saying we need to share the road, but with a pedestrian that goes out the window. 'Pedestrians' shouldn't be in the bike lane', well then maybe cyclists' shouldn't be in the road as well. And I thought just about everywhere pedestrian always had the right away? No mate, YOU SHOULD SLOW THE FUCK DOWN around pedestrians. I know exactly your problem man. Im from britain and i cycle everyday as training. Ive got the same issue, the council made a bike lane, but even though there are places for pedi's to walk they still want to walk in the bike lane, i had some really close calls nearly hitting people, so then i go in the road (mainly because i ride a quick speeds) but then get moaned at by car drivers telling me to go in the cycle lane. Ridiculous. its good that she broke her leg. maybe the people who seen it will pay ore attention. Also what a bad mother, if she has a broken leg the last thing you would do is pick her up like that and carry her someone, would just make the injury worse Anyone siding with the cyclist is condoning child abuse and should be investigated by the police. You should get an IncrediBell or something similar, way easier to signal others on the trail(in any language!). This vile child maiming thug should be publicly flogged. It takes one sick individual to break a child's leg.. What an embarrassment. Cyclists are the very worst human beings. These dumb fucks walking on the cycle path just make me think of cyclists riding on the road. We have those little bike pictures on our roads in places, so by you're logic I can't drive on those roads because its for bikes only? idiots logic. Bicyclist are the first to jump up and down about sharing the road how about you do the same with pedestrians. Pedestrian fault. End off.

Look after your kids, if you're going to be stupid and walk on a bicycle lane then make sure you have your kids close by, or in-front of you at all times. Obviously I feel for the poor girl, but shit happens when you put yourself in a dangerous situation without paying attention. No, no, no, no, no. The moral of the story is to cycle considerately around vulnerable road users. If Canadian cycle paths are anything like the UK's then pedestrians are also entitled to use them. Even if they aren't, slow down and take responsibility. If the cyclist collided with the girl with enough force to break her leg, they were clearly riding like a c**t. Just like cyclists should stay the hell off of roads where motor vehicles operate. Moral of the story. Cyclists are arrogant pricks. Traveling far too fast in a built up area, asking for trouble! any sign that pedestrian not allowed? seems clear to me with this path being so narrow the Bikes should be on the road this was just a case of errors on both ends.the parents should have payed better attention and the woman should have been paying attention. i have to deal with people on our bike path all the time and sometimes i have to be stern when saying excuse me. but people have a different perspective all together these days no one cares about your fellow man or woman. When the bike lane is not separated by a line you are allowed to cycle as much as pedestrians are allowed to walk. You are responsible to avoid them and cycle at reasonable speed. It a mixed path. there was no markings on the pavement at the place of accident,so the moral is that you should not cycle on the pavement faster then pedestrians can walk!!!!!! Road for cars,pavement for people, what's left may be for cyclists!!!!!! Those cyclists need to slow down? Those pedestrians need to get the fuck off the bike lane. pedestrians always get the right of way.  ALWAYS.  Nobody gives a damn about your precious momentum. And when you see them pedestrians, even though they shouldn't be there what about slowing down?! OK so a pedestrian got hit by a cyclist.  1,  The pedestrian should not have been on the cycle path.  2.  It is up to the cyclist to watch out for pedestrians and any other object that might get in his/her way. 3. Why, when on the road do cyclists run red lights at will?  Why, do cyclists nearly always ride on the pavement where there is no cycle path. 4. Why do cyclists ride on a pavement where there is a bus lane cycle path at the side of the road.  5.  Why do cyclists not have lights on at night time. 6.  Why do cyclists think they can mount a kerb and use the pedestrian crossing?  Answer me this before you blame a girl for walking in a cycle lane please. The moral of the story is 'cycle carefully if you see pedestrians on a cycle path' @InfiltrateDestroy93
Bicycles invented 1817 Automobiles 1886.. The roads were invented for walkers. 
Drivers and walkers are the only essential road users.. Not cyclists. Keep pressing 4 :) Light was red when he hit the lady
I hate some riders never follow the signs, stops etc At 2:13 the light turns yellow. The bike has sufficient time to stop,  he is still a good 20-25 yards before the intersection when he was able to start. When he starts to cross the first  cross walk at 2:15, the light is still yellow, but when he enters the actual intersection at 2:16 the light is red. In New York, a vehicle can still enter the intersection when the light is yellow, which is determined by the second line after the first crosswalk, but they are cautioned that they must enter cautiously and that the light will quickly turn red. They are also told to proceed cautiously. Here the light turned red just as he was entering the intersection, so he is guilty of running the red, but as the light turns as he on the cusp of entering the intersection, he could argue it was yellow. He may escape the traffic ticket, but he is f*kced if the pedestrian sues him. He had plenty of time to stop before the intersection, the light turned red just as he was entering, and he as not cautious, which you're required to do when  entering on a yellow. Under tort law, the pedestrian would successfully sue him. Completely cyclist fault.  At 2:13, it's already a yellow light. They were far from the intersection. 2:15 light turned red and cyclists were in the middle of the intersection. They had time to slow down or stop.  But they wanted to beat the red light and actually speed up so they would not have to stop at the intersection.

Also she stopped so that you could avoid her and maneuver around her cause she didn't know where u were going. These dudes are terrible riders. In vietnam, traffic is much worse, there are no lights, and motorcyclists can still avoid people in tight spaces. Terrible bicyclist, he could have easily avoided that.  That lady seemed old and to have cognitive processing 0roblems, we don't know what was happening to her so let's not blame her too much.
It's obvious she wanted to cross, but the car to the left was there so she took a step back but didn't see the bicyclist Why you go through an amber light?
Anything other than green means STOP! You need to control your vehicle at all times. Stop making excuses.
Spandex boy was riding way too fast to stop, and into a crowded intersection. Yet another example of the menace to everyone that cyclists are. Cyclist and pedestrian at fault, cyclist running a red and pedestrian crossing before walk signal comes on , so walk away and thats it Only because you have the light dosnt mean you can drive without looking ffs WTF is it with you cyclists travelling at the speed of light and disregarding the rules of the road putting pedestrians at huge risk.If you lycra clad slim
Jims want to do speed trials go join a cycling club with a track. Cyclist enter the intersection during a yellow light, was in the middle of the intersection during the red light and failed to adjust his speed for road conditions. and here's me thinking it was just UK cyclists that are blind and stupid, why didn't he brake never mind who's right of way it was. the light was on red at the time of impact She stepped back because she couldn't cross as a car was coming in the other side. Then she didn't realise the bike was coming hence why she took a step back He's wearing that bright pink """"look at me"""" color no healthy male should ever wear.

One of those elitist cyclist? In UK all motorists and cyclists must stop on these crossings if someone is crossing or waiting to cross. No excuses.

I hate the white man crossings in Chicago. What is all this turn on red crap. It is so bloody dangerous. I’m pretty sure the situation at 2:14 was the pedestrians fault. The sign was red, meaning it was not your turn to go. And then, she stayed right in the line of the crosswalk. The punk kid cyclist is too close, too fast and running lights. What is the application for tracking speed, ect that you use? Light was red !!! cyclist would have easily seen pedestrian wtf Don't you dare drop your stupid bike on my 1994 Honda Accord 2.2 liter inline 4 fwd 4 door sedan VTEC redline at 6400 rpm making 145 wheel horsepower 5 speed manual transmission f22b1 naturally asperated 16 valve 1:24 'we'll keep that between us' proceeds to post on YouTube IT LOOKED LIKE SHE BACKED INTO HIM Nice! Chinese lady was moon walking😂🤣 Cyclist isnt in complete wrong. The woman stepped back to be hit by him. I wouldnt be surprised if she was a scammer disliked! idiot cyclists I don't know man, I ride my bike every day and I can say the biker is at fault here. Get those reflexes up boi. she got what she wanted smh i know that the cyclist were right - but - could we be a little bit more gentle with pedestrians?
i know it was his first day, but i mean for the community - when it's good for pedestrians it's usually also good for us. The light looked pretty RED to me when you proceeded to run that lady over Both people at fault.  Easy to avoid that one from my position. 0:17 TAKE ME OOOOOOOOON TAKE ON ME You didn't attempt to slow down at the yellow light and ran the red light. Yes, she was careless, but you were at fault. I watched it three times, you ran the light. Parallel curb lines rule. The light was red before you enter the intersection. The other problem is there was no reason for that guy to hit that girl the bike wheel turn unless somebody welded the bearings in the head, then he could have at least tried to slow down.

Yeah, beautiful bike, too bad he doesn't know how to avoid somebody standing perfectly still that he should have been able to see from at least 20 feet away. Pedestrians have right of way especially on a pedestrian crossing What sexist shit though. How deranged are you to think what you can just play with a woman and """"she'll do whatever you want"""" Cyclists fault!!!!! On red while still entering junction, obvious potential hazard 20 foot away? Not one touch of the brakes, why? Because he felt he had the right of way, self assured lot cyclists, dangerously so it doesn't matter whether you have the yellow or green.  you didn't stop.  you continued to hit the pedestrian. 2:15 The bikers enter the intersection with a red light. They had like 15-20 meters when the got the yellow light and all of them decided not to stop but to accelerate. The poor lady saw 3 bikes coming at her and didnt know what to do. As usual the bikers acted recklessly. Get on a bike trail and not the road where cars drive!!! He obviously wasn’t carelessly flying though the light. Yes, he was going fast, but you can clearly see that there would have been a clear space for him to go through. That’s when the lady stopped and stepped back, right into his way. She clearly was oblivious, but we can’t blame the cyclist for seeing a reasonable clearing to pass and not slowing down. Cyclists need license plate on those bikes and take a test. I hate u guys and wish I can run you all down without going to jail. Cyclists are self entitled asses, see so many times they dont follow the rules of road but expect everyone to respect them. If you can't do the speed limit stay off the road. More assholes on bikes. More obnoxious than any motorcyclist or car driver.

That dick saw pedestrians and didn't even slow down for them. That woman saw him coming and tried to avoid him. He could have hit the brakes or swerved to avoid her. He chose to be a cunt and hit her. Cyclists had red light What a dick. He clearly could have slowed down. Every body is complaining about the lady...SHE JUST HIT BY A FRICKIN BICYCLE!
I feel so bad for the lady and the man, did you see her face.😭 To anyone confused about who was in the right, let me break it down for you. If you need proof, go frame but frame and see it for yourself. 

The cyclist, on the road or in the bike lane, is the same as a vehicle. They were coming up on a green. Around 50 feet, going 16 miles per hour, the light turns yellow. The pedestrian crosswalk is RED. No one should have crossed. Of course, this being New York, these fuckers won't look both ways OR wait for the light. The cyclist basically has to yield to everything, even though they have the right of way. The cyclist was in the right, the pedestrian was in the wrong. Pedestrians always have Right of Way, so your arguments defending your reckless behaviour are irrelevant With that many people in the crosswalk, it seems like the common sense move would have been to wait at the light and proceed on the green. Wether you have the ROW or not, pedestrians are vulnerable just like the people riding them. We all have to look out for each other and not just focus on your own thing excluding others and being essentially inconsiderate of their safety and other essential human rights. This lady should have looked if she was just going to walk out,  but nobody here truly deserved to impact anything. Think of others — if we all did that we wouldn’t have to think of ourselves. Sign was red, meant not to walk..
s i g h The cyclist is at fault after first running the light and then proceeding towards a group of pedestrians at full speed while trying to thread the needle.  If you did that with your car, it would be considered reckless.  I commute by bike every day, so I'm not against cyclists... he's just in the wrong in this situation. I'm driving motorcycle. Why cyclists are not stopping during red light? No discipline They were both wrong...he could've also slowed down but no...he wanted to make a point even though he did not know if that lady had some sort of disability that impaired her from thinking fast. So they were both at fault Wow, when that other cyclists said that the bike was like a woman, it does whatever you tell it to, I was generally concerned about that man’s mental health...like bruh why would you say that, women aren’t objects... Have no idea where cyclists head was except for """"I am not a licenced 
vehicle therefore I can ignore all stop signs, lights, right of way, and general good common sense.
No attempt to read the road, no attempt to slow down and no attempt to avoid collision.
In conclusion this incident reinforces the general perception that cyclists are unpredictable at best and irresponsible at worst. Does anyone realize that this guy's friend is a sicko? He tells him to imagine the toy (bicycle) as a woman. You can f*** it and tell it what to do. How dare he talks about a women that way. Keep between us they say but hey every woman now knows who to avoid going out with. There were multiple people on the xwalk and he made no attempt to slow down or avoid. Well, there sure are several questions.

1) what does it mean in the USA, if the light turns yellow?
2) why doesnt the green light blink before turning yellow?

I can tell how it is here in Austria, if anyone even cares to know.

Ps. with this video, even if the woman lawyers up, she theoretically still should lose. I don’t understand why cyclists in my city do not have license plates and the requirement to have some form of insurance. As a pedestrian (and a driver), I can say that at intersections, I’m much more paranoid about bikes than I am about vehicles. The city has given them a whole lot of leeway to run amok in these streets with no consequence. If I were the lady, my first instinct upon you plowing into me would be to grab you off the bike ... we’re goin down together bruh 💪🏾 Pretty sad how pedestrian have this nonchalant attitude when crossing traffic signals when it’s not their turn.  Lucky it wasn’t a big rig that couldn’t stop instead of a bicycle. 4:50
Bro, you can’t just put your bike on someone’s car like that 🤦‍♂️ For some reason I always feel sooo bad for old people. Anyone else feel the same way? This all could have been avoided had the cyclists STOPPED when they were supposed to.  Yellow light means STOP, unless you are unable to due to road conditions, speed and position in relation to the intersection.  These cyclists entered that intersection on a very deep yellow.  They should have stopped. The cyclists saw the deep yellow light.  They saw the woman standing in their path. The fact that the woman was there holds no ground, she's in a stopped intersection (all directions).  The cyclists are at fault for not obeying the traffic laws. I thought bikes were supposed to obey the same laws as vehicles when riding on the road ? (they do in this state anyways) Damn sure bike rider is at fault for this one . And you cyclists cant figure out why people don't like you ?   lol  RIGHT HERE shows you why . The light is irrelevant , you are required to stop for pedestrians in a crosswalk , just like a car . Shooting red lights, abusing police and talking about dominating women. Standard. The guy sees people are crossing and tries to thread the needle through them. If she didn't step back there would be no collision, but the cyclist creates this situation. His fault That conversation around 1:16 is just sad and it says a lot about the maker of this video that he didn’t cut it, even though he says he will and it’s just “for fun”. Lets reverse roles.  Replace old woman with these guys.  And these guys with a car.

Whos fault is it? Sorry but the light was red, it's the cyclists fault It can never be the pedestrians fault if they are hit on a pedestrian crossing.regardless of red light yellow light does not matter. In this particular incident the cyclist went through a red and at the point of impact you clearly see the walk signal ...there is always a delay from  red light  to walk signal so cyclist is 100% at fault....Hope the victim was not seriously injured!! If you ask me clearly it was the person in pink that was in the wrong.. both at fault, pedestrians crossing when lights have not yet completed going to red, and cyclist not slowing/stopping for the yellow. Bike riders are out of control. They are rude. See one all alone scare the shit out of them. Some of the comment are basically:
sHe DiDnT wAtCh sO it'S hEr FaUlT. Wtf is wrong whit these people. 
I think it's a normal thing to slow down when people are crossing the road. Another Arsehole cyclist who thinks that public roads are velodromes. He didn't even try to go around the lady what a poor bike rider 100% the bikers fault she was hit with the left side of his bike and body BEFORE she backed up and if it's crosswalk pedestrians have the right of way anyway. This is why cars shouldn’t fly through an intersection when the light is yellow. You never know what is going on. He clearly tried to brake but was going too fast to stop. He shouldn’t have been going that fast in the first place. idiot cyclist! It’s all about perspective. A very similar situation would have been if it were a cyclist crossing illegally, and a car hitting that cyclist even if it was driving through a yellow light. If the video were made by this same person, he would immediately take the side of the cyclist and blame the car. “Oh but a car would’ve killed that cyclist!” What difference does it make if a cyclist full on ran into a pedestrian? People would still be getting hurt. It’s also safe to say that any normal driver would immediately swerve and try to avoid inbound pedestrians and cyclists crossing illegally. Defensive driving should not just apply to cars. She obviously had the right of way idiot I hate cyclist! They never obey any of the rules of the road..... goes to show in this video.  They don’t obey but expect others to respect them.  F-‘em!
Who cause that accident??? The idiot cyclist who was taping, had he not gone around the other two idiots running the red light, the woman wouldn’t have stopped in front of the two other idiots.... or would have had room to move out of his way instead of stepping back. 


Perfect! They are stupid enough to think they had the right of way! Next time don’t blow the light asshole! That’s called a late amber... illegal move  all across Europe and North America


Don’t get me fucking started on pedestrians.... bitch had it coming too for running the light as well.   They all got what they deserved! Why didn’t the cunt stop in the first one The part i hate the most about the vid is thw person that was his just stood there fore like 3 sec before she got hit In the end she shouldn’t have crossed when it was at the hand signal and he should’ve slowed down. In the end both made mistakes both are to blame. At least he said sorry My god cyclists are retarded You spandex clad bunch of clowns deliberately rode into a crosswalk filled with people without even attempting to stop. You do have a moral right to avoid accidents. This highlights why cyclists are hated by both motorists and pedestrians. This woman was an idiot and broke the law. She paid the price. Can someone let me know the rules here on the crossing,, I'm in UK and on a zebra crossing pedestrians get right of way and every one stops for them, but in the video she is on the crossing but who is at fault, in fairness the cyclist had loads of time to see her and stop. Light was yellow before he entered the intersection but the pedestrian was jaywalking. Both were wrong but the cyclist was driving a vehicle and as such has to yield to pedestrians even if they’re in the wrong. My conclusion: pretty much everyone in NYC have cranial/rectal inversion coupled with a sense of entitlement and a secret deathwish. This is why I avoid road cycling. Bikers fault 100%. Ran a red light like a piece of shit. cyclists fault The dialogue was extremely cringe inducing. Enough with the excuses. I cycle too and I know pedestrians ALWAYS have the right if way. And she was in a criss walk, not Jay walking. You make up excuses to justify these kind of accidents and make us all look bad. And yet another reason to despise bicyclists... They think women are toys to be manhandled and thrown away like objects... Good job! the cyclist thought the pedestrian would keep walking but the pedestrian just randomly stopped and walked backwards Asshole  on the bike needs to stop or slow for pedestrians Dude I'm a cyclist in the city, stronger up a hill than any of you or your buddies no doubt. When you see a woman crossing the street slow down, even if shes wrong, it ain't worth hurting some one. And then putting this on you tube, like you were violated? What's the matter with you Bikers were riding too fast, just because you have the light doesn't mean you have an invisible force field around you. I always slow down at crowded intersections because old ladies & little kids. What difference does it make if you are in the right but now some old lady has cracked their skull on the road after you ran them over. Same thing with cars, same thing with bikes, slow it down and you'll save yourself and everyone else grief. the lady the cyclist hit is asian :/ what did you expect? How can someone hit an elderly woman that is not moving? The bicyclist makes no attempt to steer away or apply the brakes. All of this just to prove his point. sees cyclist coming towards you
What do you do?
○A. Stand
○B. Stare
○C. Scream
●D. All of the above 
Smh MOVE DONT STAND THERE Pretty common sense. 
The cyclist fault. Doesn't matter what kind of stoplight or shit it is.
The lady can't move forward since you were moving fast towards and the other guy was about to dive in. You put the lady in a bad spot in the middle since cycling should only be in one lane. This person had plenty of reaction time to get out of the way. Talk about slow reflexes. 😳 The guy needs to be prosecuted, it was an amber light well before he got there, when he hit the girl it was red The cyclist had plenty of time to identify the pedestrian on zebra crossing but instead kept going without paying 0 attention, I feel bad for the women who got hit hope she's making a speedy recovery Even though people need to watch out when crossing the street, cyclists also have to stop if people are crossing and not paying attention. Doesn't even check to see if the woman is alright, just watches then cycles off. Completely different culture to most places in the UK where everyone would be asking if she was okay. blew through the yellow/red light... slammed into pedestrian.  Cyclists routinely don't follow the signage and lights in LA... they seem to think that the rules don't apply to them. and I am not talking about teens... people in their 20's, 30's and 40's just seem to think that being on a bike gives them privileges that we mere mortals don't have. 2:15 thank me later gööd sö izzy nav ^ ^





ääh vikings in nüh jöÄG :S Terrible cyclist. Doesn't look ahead. Good thing he doesn't have a driver's license. What camera is this? I'm in need of one but don't know how to pick one. Like the info it displays. Is both their fault, he didn’t slow down at the yellow light  and she crossed while it was red. Bikes are suppose to be on sidewalks. Old lady was crossing on red. Puts her in the wrong. But there’s no way you can excuse the fact that the cyclist should’ve seen her AS she was crossing, before he even got to the intersection. Could’ve easily navigated around her or even stop. But yes, the lady was in the wrong regardless. He makes us cyclists look bad. It's his fault cyclists still need to follow the rules of the road and yellow means stop. Phenomena is plural. Phenomenon is what you’re meaning. Cyclist was in the intersecting as the light turned red = perfectly legal

Pedestrian on crosswalk with red hand = illegal


This woman was an idiot and broke the law. She paid the price. did anyone else see her stop walking and take a step back so that she WOULD be hit? crazy I still cycle in NYC sometimes and I think it was still the cyclists fault. I hate it when you guys defend the cyclist and make the rest of us look bad. In most country regardless of what the situation, drivers and cyclist need to yield to pedestrians in the zebra crossing. That cyclist was gunning at top speed through the intersection to avoid being in the cross section and be in the wrong of way. If it was an elderly person or child would you have still said it was the pedestrians fault, asshole?
Edit: btw yellow afaik means yield, not 'this is your last chance - gun it' Seems pretty cut and dry to me, thanks to the slow-mo viewpoint... 

The pedestrian hesitated after deciding to jump the walk sign, 
just before it’s about to turn - notice that the person walking ahead of them had done it, which I can speak from experience sort of triggers a sub-conscious urge to assume safety - thus cross as well. 
(Y’all know exactly what I mean, right? I have dogs - I walk a lot lol ) 
I see this everywhere as well as experience it myself sometimes.

ANYWAY - the point is her hesitation.  Her reason for stepping into the street doesn’t matter.  
•she steps quickly into the street, while clearly visually indicating to all her obvious intention of rushing across (quick jaywalk, nothing crazy)
•she suddenly realizes that she hadn’t actually meant to jaywalk and quickly Pauses in the street as a result.
•in that blink of an eye instance she was only looking for vehicles  - but was looking the other way.

Technically speaking - the biker continuing to finish crossing the intersection after entering it at a yellow light of course had the right-of-way.  
The issue with running “borderline” yellow-red light turns is speeding up (to “make the light”) when it could be reasonably avoided.  

The pedestrian was at fault.. as far as I can see that should be obvious to anyone watching the slowed-down clip. How dumb is she, let’s just walk backwards while crossing the road/bike lane 4:25 Wait it's a guy? What the actual... dont know what video you are watching..but ya'll entered that intersection on a late yellow and it turned red before he reached mid intersection..thats running a red sport...if it was red at mid intersection she had a green light you are an awful human being for seeing an old lady get run over, which can break bones at that age - not bat an eye, not check on her and offer the guy video. i just wanted you to know that you are a terrible person. as for the other guy, i'm a biker and i've never seen worse situational awareness from anyone. lol at him on his expensive bike with the mental capacity and reaction of a 2 year old. Do cyclists forget that they have fucking breaks? You don’t have to speed through people that are walking in the crosswalk even if you have the right of way. Just slow the fuck down sometimes yeah? He clearly saw her standing there and he kept going for it. This was intentional no doubt about it. I hope she sued his dumb ass. Dude who made the video isn't even gonna ask the lady if she's alright. Man i hate NY cyclists Where was all this filmed? Nice looking place. In this video:
- police parking on the bicycle lane
- woman crossing the road on red without looking
- multiple other people jaywalking
- a taxi blocking the bicycle lane
- guy overtaking in dangerous fashion
What people are upset about:
- cyclist might have been able to stop when the light switched to yellow faggots nice way to go thru a red light and hit someone, what a wanker It doesn't matter who had the red light, it's NYC(it's senseless to expect New Yorkers to follow the rules when everyone is breaking them safely), and he's a cyclist and it's his responsibility to run reds the right way if he's going to do it. What are you fucking blind dude? You see her line, cross in front of her. You had all the time to turn OR AT LEAST brake. 
This is from someone who runs reds daily, and not some spandex nerd with 50 lights on me. I hate fact that the pink guy leant his bike on someone else’s car. If it was my car, I would’ve bloody shouted at him. idiot cyclist He was on yellow. He had more than enough time to slow down and break... They didn't even slow down, when seconds earlier people were crossing. This was completely avoidable by the cyclist if he slowed down as he should have. Legally it might not be his fault in the US, but he IS responsible. I'm willing to argue that both of them are responsible, but the cyclist was the one that yould have avoided the collision, since the pedestrian was in clear view for him. He was going way too fast aproaching the crosswalk. If the lights are green, and the cyclist goes on, but there are pedestrians on the road, he just hits them, cuz the light was green. He's still at fault, he could have slowed down. He should of been slowing down soon as he seen movement on the crossing. Fuck what the light colour shows. All that he cared about was his maintained speed. Plus he didn't even turn to avoid. I bike I know before some punk gives it the big one. Why can some bicyclists not stop for people? Those people had tge right of way to walk. I enjoy riding my bike but I respect other peoples space. I think most bikers are very rude. One guy had a hissy fit because my runnimg group wasn't moving over fast enough. Sure, they could have moved over faster but that guy didn't have to have a mental breakdown. Just remember, bicyclists need to follow road rules too if they are going to be on the road. Jesus. If I ASSUMED every driver on the road was going to follow every light, sign, and rule...I'd have been hit 50 times by now. It's called riding/driving defensively.
If you're coming up to any intersection...especially one that has MULTIPLE pedestrians in the way on the crosswalk....SLOW DOWN.
He had plenty of time, visually, to assess the situation and move AROUND the lady. Or at least slow DOWN because it was unclear what she was doing.
But it's clear from watching this whole video that cyclists main goal is to bitch and complain about how this busy congested world won't make room for their precious toy bikes...so I have a feeling this guy didnt slow down and possibly hit this woman on PURPOSE just because he was full of bitterness that was gonna be taken out on someone eventually.
This video makes me hate anyone on a bike now. I'm driving my car in ALL YOUR LANES BITCHES. What are you riding in a crosswalk for?  That is illegal, as you are riding a bicycle.  It would be different if you were walking your bike across the crosswalk as then you would be a pedestrian legally. The cyclist is irresponsible and negligent. He should have stopped pedalling and carefully use the brakes to slow down as soon as seeing (irresponsible) pedestrians on the street ahead of him. 

He could have avoided a lot of harm, trauma and pain, especially as a significantly younger person who has usually quicker reflexes and better eyesight in comparison to an older person like the elderly woman.

I'm a daily cyclist myself (now even with a growing baby hidden """"on board"""" ;-) and as a good cyclist you always have to think and watch ahead regarding irresponsible car drivers and pedestrians. Don't let yourself get harmed by the first and don't harm the latter.

I hope he and others learn a valuable lesson here and they stop speeding in future when seeing confused, unattentive and or careless people wandering in front of them on the streets.

Greetings from Germany, where almost everybody young and old likes to cycle :-). in my opinion, the cyclist was in the wrong. the woman stepped back to approximately where she thought he could go past. this was the woman being nice seeing as the cyclist was being an idiot and didn’t stop. it’s a zebra crossing, let the pedestrian past. You do know that pederastians has the preference don't you? They go first next bicycles next bikes next buses next cars Pedestrian did not look. Her fault The pedestrian totally stopped and waited to eat hit! Ridiculous How did pinky not see her. She was in a crosswalk. Geez!! Some cyclists think they own the road. I have come close to being hit by a bike, on a few occasions, because the cyclists have their heads down. The day a fucking cyclist crashes into me will be the day that cyclist gets knocked the fuck out. 
These cyclists think they own the road. They need the shit kicked out of them. Sad to be the pedestrian, especially when right in front of you the cyclists are focusing on themselves. """"We had the light, right?"""" He wasn't even sure! Driving a car you wouldn't continue through an intersection full of clearly visible people even if you DID have the right of way, and in this case there was plenty of time to slow at the yellow. Completely avoidable. First,the lady was trying to walk through a red light and second she stopped right before the bike hit her it she kept walking she would have been unharmed. So it’s the lady fault. Okay this lady legit is just standing in the road..soo???? Cops playing Take Me Out by Franz Ferdinand lol I am a cyclist, and I hate to admit it is actually cyclist fault. 

Yes, you guys went through yellow but the law actually suggest yellow means you have to prepare to stop or avoid situation like that.

Not to mention, when your buddy hit her, even tho if she just move forward could have totally avoid this whole thing but she was actually green(before your bud hit her, your light turned red already, which gave away the evidence that you guys actually broke the law). If this evidence got taken to court, which would actually favor the pedestrian instead of cyclist.

Please don’t run over yellow without good exit plan to hurt other cyclists reputation. Please remember society see cyclists as a whole group and psychopaths are looking for reason to get more people to hate us.

I would seriously suggest you guys be wise to take down the video. 2:16 light is red...Pedestrian gets to cross. Bike is in the intersection. Light was definitely green for the pedestrian. I ride a bike.... Is the biker blind? Way to run through the yellow,  yes the light was yellow before you entered the intersection and turned red half way through. you had plenty of time to brake. if the red comes on while you are in the intersection, you have run the red light. you didn't even get across the stop line before it was red, the other guy was just past the pedestrian lines, on the first section of the lights. when the lights go yellow and you have time to stop, you stop. otherwise, just like in that particular case, you've run a red, and have actually hit a pedestrian on a pedestrian walkway. you're moving alot faster, and therefore you also need to be aware pedestrians don't always get it right. it also does not matter what town, city country, or planet you think you're on.... running a red light is illegal, and therefore you just broke 2 laws. check the video properly, you'll see what i'm talking about. There's something called a brake on ur bike First day on a bike, and he decided to ride on the hectic street. He is in the wrong for his inexperience. Nope, the light changed to red as you entered the intersection, so yes, you did run a red light. The pedestrian was hovering in the crosswalk, waiting for the light to change, and as soon as the opposing lane wenr red, but before she had a green signal, she took off---just as I've seen countless cyclists do to get a jump on the automobile traffic, and making themselves vulnerable to motorists trying to beat the red, JUST LIKE YOU GUYS DID.
 I can't help wondering if it was a guy in a new Mustang recording himself zipping around town, high on """"cojones juice,"""" running a light anf grazing (but not hurting) a cyclist who wandered a few feet into the intersection anticipating a green, if you guys would be so nonchalant about the outcome. Or would this instead be one of those outraged bicyclist videos? Slow it down! There’s pedestrians passing, she’s not the only one. The light have already turn yellow from a far distance warning them to slow down and stop. Yet they decided to keep going. By the moment they hit the girl the light was red for them and turning green for the old lady which mean she was clearly going to cross the road as soon as the light turn green, but she got hit because these dumb cyclist decided not to slow down on a yellow light. 

I hate cyclist they always feel entitled. They think the whole roads belong to them. They think they are more important than pedestrians, and way more important than cars and motorcycles. 

Plus he got time to move over from a far distance, but decided to go straight ahead and ram an old lady to make his statement. Fuckin' Cyclists! The freeloading road vermin should have stopped! NO EXCUSES!! 2:26 Red light bruv As much as I dislike cyclists, you guys gotta put up with a lot of bull shit Hope he went to jail, certainly would have if he did the same thing in a car. Asshole cyclist..... I'd feel like a KOOK riding around with a camera on my helmet playing lame music. So cyclist do not have to stop when pedestrians are on the crossing? The biker should Just have stopped cuz there was someone else going to I hope everyone else knows that you can't move on yellow. And in our law it's same punishment as for red one. What an idiot, he could easily move away from her Just another cyclist at fault! Light was (yellow) changing before he crossed the line, so they should be preparing to stop!!! No not these cyclists(what pricks), he's special 
 it was red before he got halfway across the junction so should have stopped at the previous line. Not saying the pedestrian was okay to cross as it was red for her also. But pink Cyclist was at fault here and classed as a vehicle when on the road so should have been charged. You guys ride like complete shitheads through crosswalks.  Do you really think you have a right to blast through crosswalks with pedestrian traffic and expect them to stop on a dime or not react to 3 cyclists coming at them at different distances? Uncool, riding like this is what gives cyclist a bad rap. You need to show respect to to be treated with respect by drivers, police and pedestrians. Why won't some cyclists slow down and stop at pedestrian crossings ?  Why do they think they above the law ?  When I was living with my parents in South London, a cyclist knocked down an elderly lady that was renting three rooms in our house: she later died in hospital. They drove through the red light, If ur gonna aim for pedestrians then stay off the road. Good idea I work on a university campus and the other day a cyclist going way too fast through a place with lots of pedestrians hit someone and put him in a persistent vegetative state. Slow down. Remember folks. Pink is a manly color, but especially when you're on a bicycle and attacking old ladies. 
;) Umm people talking about the cyclists that he could have slowed down but it's the woman's fault for going too slow and stepping back the cyclists could have not known that the woman was gonna go back and not move fowards which caused the accident And by definition he was speeding.   The law says, """"if you are going to fast to avoid a collision, you are speeding"""" .   That cyclist didn't even attempt to slow, you can see the calves contracting to push harder.    I think he was trying to impress the guy with the camera and traveling too fast. Yellow light means you can still go through. The cyclists had an option to stop. Them not stopping is their choice. The pedestrians shouldn't have started crossing until the cyclists light was red and the pedestrians light was white. It's the stupid Asians fault in short How do you not anticipate as a cyclist ?! What the hell was this guy thinking ? You see people walking across the crosswalk non of you slowed down. But did anyone see that lady going backwards?? She want on the crosswalk, stopped and if she went ahead they wouldnt crash but she went backwards and stopped at the exact place he came. Light was definitely red dude That kid could have easily moved out of the way but no he just stands there and get hit by a bike going 16 Mph She walked into street oblivious to oncoming traffic, thought twice after light turned red step backwards into cyclist who by all rights expected her to commit , she lucky he applied brakes hard otherwise 😵 How can you have such a poor situation awareness? You could see her from a mile away yet you didn't even slow down. Fuck this white trash Clearly the guy taking the video was a few seconds behind and thus also ran the red! That were both at fault. He was trying to make it across on a yellow than turned red as he got there. The pedestrians were walking across on a red light. Why stop in the middle of the zebra crossing At the end of the day the cyclist hit a pedestrian on a crossing, he is wrong. Reason number 5485 why cyclists are assholes Cyclist are entitled asshole here in America.....but these guy suck as road shares Idk about NYC, but In Canada this would be the cyclist’s fault. You are required to stop at an amber light if it is safe to do so. He had ample time to stop, but went through anyways. In Ontario, you are also not supposed to enter an intersection while a pedestrian is inside, whether the light is green or not. The light changed to red as he entered the intersection, further evidencing this. Yes, she shouldn’t have been crossing, but the cyclist is legally at fault. This is why cyclists deserve to get ran over. Traffic light at 2:26 was yellow. Pedestrian crossing light at 2:29 was red. Pedestrian's fault. I rather slow down than have to wait for the police. I don’t bike fast because u can get doored, hit someone, someone can hit u etc. When bikers go fast they don’t leave any reaction time. When it’s busy i wait for a green light because a car can turn on yellow as well and hit a cyclists. Every situation on the road has to be treated differently and cyclists bike the same way no matter what’s going on. As a bicyclist and motorcyclist you need to assume no one seeing you. You always plan on stupid maneuvers ahead. Biker was wrong thinking he could sneak passed. Glad Doesn’t look like bad injuries. Pedestrians don’t have the right of way when they have the little glowing red hand sign even if they’re in a crosswalk. It’s an intersection in a city, not a dirt road in BFE jfc. The cyclist should have give way to the pedestrian You could see the lady crossing way before he hit her. He seemed to make no attempt to avoid her but instead carried on going. Should have gone to specsavers!!! They're both in the wrong, the woman shouldn't have crossed a red light (especially without looking both ways) but neither should you speed through a yellow light, especially in a city like New York. If you can't brake within the time it takes for the yellow light to turn red, don't go that fast. That said, it never made sense to me why people use racing bikes in big cities, you're sacrificing braking power for speed when you should want the exact opposite. Seen that bicyclist went through a yellow light and hit that woman. Bicyclist fault give him a ticket for running a red light. If she hadn’t stopped, she wouldn’t have been hit Bikes are considered vehicles too, no excuses Going full speed into a line of crossing pedestrians is sociopathic. Cant hit jaywalkers with tons of forewarning in a car. Can't do it on a bike. You want to be treated the same, right? The group crossing was obvious to everyone. The woman stopped to let you through but didn't see the bike riding next to you (illegal in many states). So her stopping caused that idiot, who couldn't be bothered to recognize that possibility and slow down, to hit her. I can see at least 3 things there that are faults of the biker group. Want to know what’s funny is that while she was walking she stopped on the path so her getting hit is entirely his fault I've watched the accident scene about 50 times. His light had just turned amber and the pedestrian didn't have a walk signal. It's the pedestrians fault. Definatley the oblivious pedestrians fault. I think the light was red but so was the pedestrian crossing sign so they’re both in the wrong.
 I live in Seattle where there’s a lot of bike lanes, but cyclist don’t seem to understand that they’re part of the roadways too and need to obey traffic signs just as we do, I’ll respect them as cars and give them space, do whatever I need to do so they can carry on their days but please
STOP RUNNING LIGHTS it’s my only deal with them. It was the person crossing the roads fault she was walking backwards then stopped so it’s her fault not the cyclist That was the bikers bad Well keep that between us...haha So it's bad for cars or pedestrians to get in the bicycle lane but it's ok for bycicles to get in the car or pedestrians lane. Damn man that is sad. When you get to that age and something like that happens. That fall is going to affect her for the rest of her life, she will never fully heal.  

Not to beat you guys up, just be careful I had a cyclist hit my dog. It took everything in me not to get violent the guy almost killed my dog. TAKE ON MEEEE She was a pedestrian in a crosswalk and you can tell the cyclist didn't even try to avoid her. He should be charged for striking a pedestrian with his vehicle. Cyclists are cunts, they think they're better than everyone else. This guy could clearly see the stationary person from ages away and yet he didn't slow down or move to the side, he just went in a straight line right into that poor woman. Not to mention the fact that it is a zebra crossing and so people can walk across there anyway while cyclists have to stop and let them pass. Asshole cyclists: think they own the streets in cities, they just drive too fast and wearing eye-blinkers. People on zebra crossings always have the right of way! Phonies!  No concern for the kid...just like car owners...I was in the right huh?  Where's the concern for others
that cyclist ALWAYS try to portray on news coverage.  """"We had yellow""""....if not, get rid of video, man!  Bi*ches! You can tell the Pedestrian moved backward to get hit or did the person try to get out of the way.. we will never know.... I HATE  cyclists; they want to use the roads and be respected when they do NOT observe the rules of the road. """"hey look a yellow light with pedsterians about to walk across the intersection. i'm just going to keep peddling."""" 1:22 """"We'll keep that between us"""" Posts on YouTube. That guy at the beginning didn't even try to avoid that woman... Too chaotic for me. I’ll walk. I understand the lady was jaywalking but cmon that guy on the bike clearly saw people crossing the road how did he not slow down and avoid tjat?!?!?!?!?!?! Cyclist who ran into woman should be in jail, simple. I live in that neighborhood, Clinton hill Brooklyn New York. You’re right outside that large catholic school it's not even close, @ 2:13 the light is yellow and the cyclist is nowhere near the intersection... at least 4 bike lengths away.  he could have easily stopped but the sense of entitlement is way too strong in this turd.  all he and this other turd cared about was the video to save his wrong ass... he didn't care about the injured party. what scum...  I come across these selfish cyclists all the time. they love to hog the road and if they are in a group? forget it... they will make sure you get stuck behind them for 10 minutes. 

ever talk to these idiots? they all think they are saving the world from global warming... most voted for Obama and Hillary. these are beta cucks and hate toxic males. picture james comey in spandex...  I cant stand these degenerates. Where in the hell was that cyclists head ?! He didn't even brake until he was like 3 feet from the woman. And why did he ask if he had the light ?? Pedestrian's ALWAYS !!! have the right of way. 2:13 And what in the hell were YOU !!! thinking ?? You're supposed to be riding single file INSIDE !!! the bicycle lane markers, not occupying a full lane of traffic. It's hot dogs like you guys that give us law abiding cyclists a bad rep. Please, find another hobby/mode of transportation if you can't abide by bicyclists rules of the road. Cyclist broke law. Lights changed to amber and it was safe to stop, however cyclist proceeded. Shouldn't be riding on public roads. Any pedestrian in a """"crosswalk"""" always has the right of way.  This was totally the cyclist fault and they are liable for any injuries or hospital / ER visits or bills. So you witness an accident where someone is obviously hurt ..... what do you do? ... . Sit there and film it and offer no help. I sincerely hope you are never hurt and are sitting there watching people film but not help ..... what has society come to. ..... learn from this ..... help other human beings if they need help....... Dumb cyclists, they want everyone else to give them room, but they think the rules of the road don't apply to them. You either cross the road or you don't. You don't walk out then decide to jolt backwards when there are clearly people passing you. I hate cyclists, they’re such a danger when they don’t follow the rules of the road. a pedestrian is on the road,on a crossing. use your fucking breaks. right of way or are the rules different in america. cyclists suck, unregistered wankers. You see the pedestrian had the white cross walk allowed sign lit st the second she got hit. However from a police stand point you went they a yellow that turned red while in the intersection your at fault if you proceed thru a intersection that late and it turns red Why doesnt he slow down ? The jerk filming this is an idiot. He's one of those jackoff bicycle dopes who think they have the right of way. When someone is in a cross walk walking the walker has the right of way not the vehicles cars trucks and you pick bicycles. You even admitted you went through a yellow which is not green thereby you needed to stop because you would not be able to get through by the time it's red. Thereby the crosswalk walkers are in the right. Idiots Bikers are complete faggs, but he was totally in the right. He legally went through a yellow light and she was jwalking. If you're riding a bicycle you don't have """"cojones""""... You have ovaries. Forget the accident, 0:16 greatest song ever by the greatest band! Stupid kid shouldn't of been in the way, simple! #NAME? .... The pedestrian who met it was at fault for being  clueless in the street.  Really she was gazing skyward as if getting an email from the holy -see. 
-From the bikers point-   Zero reaction to the situation.  Some braking was applied at the end and attempts to save to pedestrian were made. Why did she step back. WHY The Pedestrian always has the right of way. Especially she's Crossing at a crosswalk. Do you bikers think that you are always in the right and you never do anything wrong? If that had been a car that hit a biker it would have been the car's fault. Not to mention it look like he could have swerved around her a little. F**** cyclists.  I once had a cyclist run a four way stop, coming straight down the hill didn't observe the four-way stop sign I had the right-of-way I assumed he was going to stop because that's what cars have to do, made my right hand turn and he about hit me and cussed me out. опачки!Свои в штатах :) подписка с меня :) He totally deleted that part... Correct action was to provide video to pedestrian that was hitten too """"cojones juice""""? That and crying because Garmin didn't want to sponsor some random shit on Internet is enough to make one want to stay away from this shit content. The ammount of thumbs down says it all It was your fault 2:36 you blocked the way of her lady.... Cyclist had the right of way. The hand was stop when she was in the intersection, which means she crossed during the countdown, which means do not cross, but continue if you are already in the crosswalk. She’s in the wrong. Ouch that got to hurt Please don't tell me someone called 911 for that lady, she was fine. You do realise that the police and whoever the video is sent to get to see the first part of that is this is NYC? New York seems to be filled with a bunch of douche bags! With no regard to others. Why was that cyclist smacking cars fuck out of here. Glad they have their own lane in CA. Okay, that person obviously shouldn't have walked when it was a red light for them. However that cyclist was looking right at him/her and didn't bother to brake until the last second before smashing into them. I know how bloody frustrating when pedestrians just walk right out into the bike lane or street without looking first, but jesus. She should of keep walking 🚶 if she did she would get ran over it doesn't matter if the pedestrian light says stop or go. if cyclist want a part of the road and want to be treated like cars they should act like them and yield to all pedestrians """"We'll keep that between us""""
Spreads it all over YouTube this video is shit! Lmao why did the lady literally stand in place tf. Cross the damn street and look both ways before doing so. God people are so dumb sometimes. You guys want to be treated like cars? Then follow the same fucking rules. You see pedestrians crossing (even if they don't have the right of way) you stop. Lets be honest in the time he prepared him self for that impact he couldve easily moved out the road You riding your bicycle is not entertaining, check your ego. Runs into a pedestrian on a crosswalk!!!!...even before he entered the intersection, he could see pedestrians on the far crosswalk, but made no speed adjustment or any effort to avoid them. Biggest mistake he made was running the RED light!!!! Over here that would cost him some time in jail and a whole bunch of money. The GUI on the side is really cool Pedestrians are never at fault when in a  cross walk. Cyclists need to learn the rules of the road or take the bus. Camera shows you are going 5 mph when you are walking If that bike was a """"fixie"""" I would understand, but that guy had no excuse in slowing down they are supposed to stop for a zebra crossing. stupid cyclist. 4:15 I HAD THE LIGHT, RIGHT? ... 2:26 - RED LIGHT ‘We’ll keep that between us’ later posted on youtube No he went through a red light. And clearly saw people in the crosswalk. He didn't even slow down. Even if she was crossing on the red, you just don't say I'am in the right to bad for you. How blind does a cyclist need to be to hit a pedestrian in such a way Cyclist ran a red... you bloody cyclists you have just knocked a kiddy down on a pedestrian crossing and even then you are trying to avoid your responsibilities.. fucking arrogant cyclists!! Wanker should have stopped . In England pedestrians have priority I had a refrigerator jump out in front of me once. I avoided it OK. I'm not about to be outsmarted by a bloody fridge. Why the would you bike through the tee light? Poor grandma thought she was safe. Stop being so aggressive!! Wtf...are you even his friend??,, why didnt you go there with him Idiot kid 02:16 DOES A FUCKING RED TRAFFIC LIGHT MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU OR A PEDESTRIAN OR A POLICE OFFICER???????


STOP MEANS FUCKING STOP!!!!! That’s why you don’t run red lights dipshits Sheesh. The op and the woman in pink should not have cycled across the crosswalk when the pedestrians were clearly crossing. I’m a Club cyclist. 0:38 FUNNY HOW STUPID PEOPLE ARE THINKING THAT ADRENALINE IS PRODUCED IN YOUR BALLS. U R ACTUALLY SECOND IDIOT IN MY CAREER AND I DID NOT REALIZE SOMEONE COULD BE THAT STUPID pause at 2:26, light is red, tit in pink top runs it! A thought...If I drove my car to work flat out, I would probably lose control at some point and kill someone. Why is it OK for (some) cyclist commuters to ride flat out? if they're on their limit they'll probably make a mistake at some point too. Some of these YouTube videos scare me to death, worrying about the pace these guys travel at in heavy traffic, especially in London, where it's a lot tighter. 0:43 No idiot """"bike feeling like a toy"""" means the seat fell of and the rider, in most cases Gay, is enjoying the seat post.
1:50 """"rough road condition"""" Seat post riders love that. But it's even better if you have advance warning so as to pick the roughest path.
2:20 Chickenshit way to cop a feel but it's the cities fault this happened. If the roads weren't in such disrepair (liberal government)
then the bi-cyclist wouldn't have been in a total state of ecstasy and could have avoided hitting the normal person. 
Moral of the story, people who ride bicycles on streets with cars for cars are to stupid to be ridding bikes at all. Its the stranger fault she was crossing the road normaly why did she come back backwords ? Was that her blood @ 3:45 ??? don't ride a racing bike at high speed in city traffic. that's just asking for trouble lol it seems like pink attracts pink she was a insurance scammer 😂 Why did you ride on a pedestrian crossing?  Are you above the law? Fuck cyclists I would love to know how the case with the older woman ended up seems to be entirely the fault of the rider and I imagine he has no insurance I guess you do not know about this particular case but what happens in such cases? Will he be charged for medical care? Or beyond that? Is there any reference in the law to this? I'm not from the United States and I'd love to know how it works there I'm a cyclist/motorist/pedestrian and he is at fault. 
I'll enlighten you. 
First he is wearing Rapha. 
Second he is wearing Pink Rapha. 
Third. He's wearing Rapha and has a ridiculously sized pack on. No serious cyclist wears a pack. Especially not  a duffle type. 
Fourth. He most likely thinks that disc brakes are more dangerous than sticking your arm inside bladed spokes. 
Fifth. He is a complete twat. The evidence is there. My unilateral though process has been brutally delivered. 
Sixth. He's a complete twat... Fuckin asians I guess the red light doesn't apply to cyclist huh Even if he didn't have time to stop before the line after the orange light (which he did) and even if she was crossing on a pedestrian red light (which she was) he wasn't looking at the road ahead and hit someone who was barely even moving! He wasn't paying attention to where he was going!! Kids, animals and yes even adults do stupid things sometimes. It is the responsibility of anyone riding on the road to pay attention in case that happens. You can't always avoid it but you definitely can't if you aren't even looking while you navigate a junction... stupid woman should have been paying attention, yes but equally if not more so this is the cyclist's mistake. Boring beyond belief. Why bother putting this on YouTube? If someone is in the road they have priority so slow down and prepare to stop. Just riding in to someone is just disgraceful. Hope they got in trouble for that ... Only gays ride bikes Cyclist are arrogant d-bags. Just looking at how the guy uploading this video is whining about Garmin not supporting his ass shows that cyclists are arrogant d-bags Eugene D, you are a stupid bystander you could of at least helped that poor woman. When you went to the scene you didn’t even comfort that poor woman, you immediately asked the other cyclist for his number. Wow. I'm glad that I live in CA. 2.27 that light was red when that prick knocked the kid dowb if a car driver seen people on a crossing and still drove into them, who would be in the wrong, rules of the roads apply to all. It was a year ago :D Is it just me or he kept pedaling ? it might be recorded at a wierd angle maybe, but it really seams like he didn't even try to slow down. All that """"right to pass"""" discussion is worthless, in a dangerous situation you have to slow down, regrdless if you're trafic light is green, blue or a very bright pink. it's road safety 101. That is just my honest and polite point of view. They deserved to get hit anyways, shouldn't have been jaywalking. hey man what do u use to record and how do u put those elevation, speed and etc info on? Nice reflex from the cyclist. Are you blind man? Gear and fancy bikes make you look cool but don't give you any skills or road awareness. cyclist should always look whats up ahead no excuses.looks like this guy was more worry on making it trough the light that he didn't see someone was on the cross walk drive defensive not offensive what camera is that? 4:27 why is that cyclist resting his bike on some stranger's car? No wonder you guys get so much flack Bike at high speed, bike up speed allowed on street Running a red light, you must be in the right Cyclist, reckless disregard. They think they're own the road. That loon in the pink getup just keeps pedaling like a moron, even though he has an OBVIOUS collision risk up ahead.
I don't care how """"technically"""" in the right he thinks he is; the fact is he is the biggest Fred I've seen on tape. pedestrians have right of way over bikes and cars, mind your surroundings and be prepared for anything. Why didn't you lend a hand...?? To busy trying to side with another cyclist - stuff the pedestrian. Something that really pisses me off about some cyclists..... Proping their bikes against my car. There was a perfectly good lamp post or better still ground to park it on! All it took was a minute amount of brain power to tell you you might scratch that car, but too many people only think of themselves! If that were my car I'd remove it! As for the law on pelican/zebra crossings in USA, I have no idea, but in UK if pedestrians Are in process of crossing, traffic, including cyclists must stop! Nice start to this video ===is it to gain respect for cyclists in general?   All road users must Drive/Ride with an intention of not running into any thing or anybody.   Or don't you care? can't even drive a bike You have to be short of the normal number of neural connections to think it's o.k. to go charging ahead as long as the light is the right colour! What on earth did he think - that somehow, magically - because the light was the right colour - the pedestrian would disappear! When I was very young I was told to look both ways before crossing the street. """" yielding to every jaywalker or pedestrian is often not feasible.""""
Jaywalker? WTF are you on about? He had the right of way, you're required to yield by law. YES the cyclists went through on a yellow, but if you look at 2:17 the pedestrian is in the roadway while the crossing signal is showing a red hand. Legally she can't cross until her signal changes (NY Vehicle Code, Article 27, Section 1150). You cyclists are a bunch of queers with no respect for anyone but yourselves. EEEHHHHHHH!!!!!! Did she take legal action against him???? I hope not because this video could work against him. Cuz the light was red. He was at the crosswalk on yellow and as his front tire entered the intersection of the street, it turned red. It was his fault. Granted i wish he hit that stupid broad harder but the city isnt on our side which is why they keep adding bicycle laws. People need to pay attention and she wasnt. The crosswalk was showing the red hand, meaning she was jay walking through the crosswalk. the cyclist went through during a yellow, it turned red but he was already in it. The pedestrian stopped when the cyclists were going through, she might have realized she was illegally crossing a road, but thats what negligence is. Hopefully she was okay in the end, and i hope the courts solved this issue Is that his car he rested his bike on? No it fkyn is not. Cyclists have no fkyn respect for other road users end of. How do you get all those numbers to show like speed, angle and other things and how do you monitor them? Chinese lady getting smoked great, she shouldn't be walking fucking backwards, I would leave her right where she was. You gotta call the cops for hitting someone when you're riding a bike? What the hell... give way to pedestrians,  fool Cyclists are cancer tell your friend not to drive a car, don't blame pedestrian intelligence while making excuses for your friends' faulty machine he took to the road nor his lack of ability to be observant approaching and whilst on an intersection, it is only you who should """"look both ways"""" So you are OPENLY MAKING FUN and MAKING GARMIN BAD, because you did not get a DISCOUNT, because you think you're all that? and a HUGE YOUTUBER? the days of great YouTubers are over, and you will never be one. what a bad person you are, to do this, and even put it in the video info, shame on you bro, and i seen in the list of videos your nr VID025, called jaywalkers made YOU SNAP? i now know i am right ALL ALONG. you have anger issues, bro. All that lady had to do was wait 10 seconds for the ped signal to change, she is so lucky that wasn't a car. Fucking stupid video where is that area at 1:38? 2:27 The cyclist on the wrong he disobeyed the Red light as most cyclists do!! I hope he goes to jail!! you morons drove through a yellow and were riding two up....  get a life.  Can't wait till you get smashed by a garbage truck @ 2:16 the light is red when the first bike entered the intersection. Everything that happened after that (that involved the bikes) is the fault of the bicyclists. When the light turned yellow the lead bike easily had enough time to stop. Just another bic What camera do you use Any other cyclist watching this thinking how the hell did he hit her. Usually its the ones that move erratically either forward or backwards... But standing still...that's the type of ped we love in close calls. 

He did say he was new to cycling tho so fair play. People need to stop arguing. 
1) woman is old and probably didn't realise because other pedestrians were walking. 

2) the guy was in the right and he may of not seen the lady and was extremely sorry.

3) mistakes are made everyday thankfully no one was injured seriously, the woman is old and fragile and the guy was traveling at speed she probably was just bruised up, I hope the bikes ok . Cyclist was in the wrong the pedestrian was already on the crossing Hate to say it as an avid cyclist but the rider is at fault here. Whats the song? fucking idiot pedestrian walked right back into the track of the guy, stupid bitch deserved to be railed """"It was on Craigslist"""" ah so stolen Slow MO pause...awesome.... Idc if she was crossing on a red. Pedestrians have priority and the doesn't even slow down. Like wtf was he  thinking ? Hi. Just want to ask what gear do you use for the video and data(speed, wind and stuff like that)? Nice videos by the way. That was hear fault she crossed on red when a cart gets into the bike lane it gets a kick or a broken side mirror She stood in the middle of the bike lane tf pedestrians all ways have the right of way. in a car on a bike dont matter. guy on the bike should have got a ticket same a he would if he hit her with a car. These cyclist are such asswipes. They think they really have something to prove inserting themselves in vehicular traffic. I love the guys neon pink ridding kit! even the socks! Damn does he not know how to use brakes ¿Cojones juice? ¿Qué dices? jajaja What a wanker...  """"I had the light, right?""""...  does that somehow make it ok that you approached a bunch of pedestrians without caution?  Tried to thread the needle through them like a Class A fuckwit. It doesn't matter if the light is green for you as a cyclist or as a motorist. You yield to pedestrians. Share the road goes both ways, as does riding safely. This happened to me four months ago and I'm still unable to walk without two crutches. Dam I hate cyclists like you. All speed, danger, arrogance and disrespect. Wow he didn't clickbait :'v hey, cool video man =D ! Who's fault is it? looks like driving bicycle in new york is pretty cancer why did she stop and walk backwards? Omg that poor lady!! I now give moment by moment accounts of important parts of the video with a time slot.

0:40 I only can feel """"COJONES JUICE"""" when I am stationary -  usually sitting down it expands my consciousness  and I feel weightless and 'light and airy' for a few seconds, you must be exceptional if you can feel it while riding a bike, I would have thought you would need to keep both of your hands on the bicycle steering wheel while you and it are in motion?

1:03 Typical Motor Scooter rider creates a new vehicle lane over one that does not exist - she needs bitch slapping for that its dangerous and ILLEGAL

 2:17 Pedestrian is in the WRONG crossing on a RED DON'T WALK sign to be where she is (2:15)  means she left the kerb BEFORE the Pedestrian Lights had changed to Green this can be seen at 2:16 (both pedestrian directional lights are RED) maybe the woman pedestrian has a possible 'mental condition as she seems to hesitate and dithers in the road looking like she is not quite sure what to do (maybe best for her only to be out with her carer present)

There is no need now to stop the video at critical points any longer I can set my Youtube web page  at 1080p or  (up to) 2160p (4K quality)  and can slow the video speed to 1/4 (impulse power) It allows everyone to see what really goes on it was not till 4:27 I realised the Pink Jersey cyclist is a male - how odd for a bloke to be wearing pink!!

You presented a good video but I think both you and the other cyclist were taking chances by NOT stopping  having entered the traffic light zone AFTER the light had turned Amber (at 2:13)  Had I been there I would liked to have bitch slapped both of you for what  I consider is unsafe cycling.  

Still you got a thumbs up and liked/subbed video is unbiased and just presents the facts don't very often see that. Good Job done roads are a lot more dangerous now than when I started cycling more than 60 years ago. Yes I am an old fart and tend to ride slow and have 250watt PAS on my MTB it helps keep me doing what I love (cycling) although now I am too old to experience much is the way of Adrenaline or """"CoJones Juice"""" regardless of whether I am cycling or sitting down :) stupid cyclists good job you can't afford a car, you'd be even more dangerous I see cyclist being in a wrong for two reasons. 1st - running into the crossing with pedestrians, no matter what the light is. 2nd - wearing pink Rapha kit. What I found amusing watching these bike videos is that when they're the ones hit they show up to show their fellow biker support by beings vocal if not loud but when they're the ones at fault they keep their distance and not get involved. Wow Telling a taxi driver that you all are just trying to get to work.... I think he is there atm. I'm a little confused. I see a lot of vids where not just cyclists but motorists from all over the world don't seem to understand what a Zebra crossing is. It is for pedestrians. Yes, a little common sense on the pedestrian's side such as, look both ways but I've seen vids with pedestrians basically having to run just to try and get across safely.

Over here, if you hit someone on a pedestrian crossing, you are going to jail. It doesn't matter if the pedestrians didn't look as hard as they could have. 

Judging by your video, if that cyclist was over here, there wouldn't be any debate if he had the green or the yellow, he'd already be in the back of a cop car and she would be getting checked out and asked if she wanted to press charges. """"I contacted Garmin and politely asked for a discount on the camera, explaining I film and make short movies with viewers asking me what camera I use often. Garmin declined to help or offer a small discount."""" Only a cyclist, why are all cyclists so geeky, short tempered, petty and annoying. Why would you expect them to give you a discount, they made a price for everyone just pay it. You may have asked politely but now you put that which is rather bitchy and pathetic. """"I film and make short movies"""" you make videos with your video recorder well fuck I'd never have thought to do that with one. If you tell people what you use then that's on you, they don't ask or expect you to do anything. Wow I hope that cyclist is in jail. What was going on at 5:50 you guys ran a red. your fault how was this the pedestrian  fault.  where  I live if there are people walking across a crossing vehicles are meant to stop.  if the l Iight is red you are meant to stop.  how are laws so different from country  to country pedestrians should always have the right of way What camera are you using? And that is FUCKING AMERICA, i NEVER want to live there. what a piece of shit country Fuck Garmin get a GoPro! At the start of 2:13, you can see that the light turns yellow when the cyclist is in excess of 30m from intersection. As a matter of fact, the light turns red the moment he enters the intersection. The pedestrian lacked situational awareness, but so did the cyclist. I'm sure he wanted to whizz by her as close as possible to prove something, and ended up hitting someone's 70 year-old grandmother because of his ego. 

Total lack of humanity in the aftermath, all he cared about his whether he is going to have to be legally accountable. Cyclists like this need to ditch the egos and put safety first. I am an avid recreational driver who likes to hit the canyon backroads on weekends. Cyclists go there because there are no bike lanes and they like the thrill of sharing the road with others going much faster. As annoying as it is when they attempt to command the road going uphill (even when it's safe to pass), my responsibility as a driver is to not kill them, and have them go home safely to their families, so I wait until they deem it safe for me to pass (in spite of their lack of judgement).

If the cyclist in this video had the same amount of empathy and concern for others, he wouldn't have hit that woman. New York is a horrible place. who gave that dude a bike? he clearly doesn't know how to use it! can't even swerve... he could've reacted in about six other ways, but instead he decided to just hit the old lady straight on! go and bike in long island or something cause nyc isn't for him... Why would the lady start walking and then stop in the middle of the crosswalk? Also why would she start walking during a red light? The cyclist wasn't at fault because he was biking through a yellow light, which is completely legal. The moral of the story I guess is look where you are going. red light a$$ hole! why is he so pink He should have got up and left quick. Fuck those walkers i dont have time for them when im cycling. People who cycle at dangerous speeds and rocket down the streets should be banned from the cities. Good city cycling entails an upright orientation and speeds that do not require the use of a helmet. Nobody cycles like that in Helsinki or especially Copenhagen. You stand back and do nothing for the victim and then go run and help the careless bike rider. Despicable. Pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way. You guys were going WAY to fast. Slow down or go ride you kiddie toy elsewhere. Bikers fault The biker ran a red light! Simple! he should be charged the same way a motorist would I LOVE the fact that you paused the video like every person watching YouTube would've done! You spared me the exhausting movement of my thumb, I LOVE IT! +like for you man!! yellow doesn't mean peddle faster...also its possible for both the pedestrian and the driver that hit her to be in the wrong at the same time. I should not have to clarify that.  For the record: the video shows them running a late yellow, it was red by the time they were half way through the intersection. Regardless of the lights, if the cyclist had his head up he would have seen the ped. That's why the bike lane is single file. This is why so many people hate bikers Cyclist passed through the light on yellow which is acceptable, the pedestrian was crossing when the crossing light was red and not paying attention, In fact if you look in the vid you can see her looking to the right before she stepped out blindly following the others, then she just froze and from firsthand experience when youre riding that the last thing youd expect. Yes, perhap he could have slowed but at 17mph he's not exactly travelling fast and if it was a car that had hit her people wouldnt be blaming the driver. Did you do a U turn without looking behind you ? Naughty . Well, I kinda feel bad for the woman, that sure must have hurt but otherwise... I cannot stand those people who walk first, look later and get in everyones way. And best of all she changes her mind in the middle of the road and stands right on the cycle path.
Yes, the cyclist could have been slower, but I thin the same thing could have happened to me. I try to anticipate what people do and stopping in the middle of the road, going back is not an option, because it is idiotic. When you go on the street you commit yourself to cross it. the pedestrian light said to not walk, it was her fault she got hit, not him Yes, the cyclist entered the intersection after their traffic signal only just went yellow.  However, considering their speed (~19mph with ~80ft before entering the intersection) the cyclist may have felt it too dangerous to stop that quickly, especially having other riders trailing behind them.  Had the pedestrian paid attention to the oncoming traffic on the roadway they were stepping onto, and waited for their light, the collision would never have happened. The cam rider is at fault, she saw him coming and backed off not seeing the other rider. Cyclists should give way on crossings not blast through with obvious pedestrians. 3.50 you're riding away when you get an idea.. That wasn't your idea, but you did listen and make the decision to turn back. these cyclist are soo rabid ...
they hit passengers in ped walk ...and they damage public property just coz peoples cars crossed over to their cycling line ..i wish they were run over why the fuck would you be sorry? the old fuck was crossing on a red light.Also if the bike got fucked I'd have broken that bitches face The most stupid cyclist ever. 5:10 omg cycling is crazy.  all the cars go in the cycling lane anyway. Peds have ultimate right of way. Cyc should have slowed regardless of her negligence. should be slowing down at pedestrian crossings! As cars do. Hahaha Ban cycling. They don't pay road taz 2:25 lol asian's... THEY CANT DRIVE.. THEY CANT WALK THE PEDESTRIAN LANE why are you idiots not stopping when you can see their is someone on the zebra crossing ? What the.... man.. the cyclist sees the guys walking across, doesnt mather who´s in their right, with a little bit of insight he would have lowered his speed.. So when you are cycling in road where there is traffic lights YOU DON'T NEED TO OBEY THEM???? Just ride = red is just red , and don't apply bicycle's....right? Wrong:   https://www.dot.ny.gov/display/programs/bicycle/faq  Even I know the rules, and I live in different country far far away... cringy american bikers lol Is """"cojones juice"""" what I think it is??? anyone who thinks that the cyclist was at all in the right, your wrong, as approaching a zebra crossing or a marked pedestrian crossing a vehicle on the road must stop and wait until all pedestrians are off the crossing, if bikes want to ride on the road then they should follow road rules, be treated like cars, and have to pay to use the roads(but thats a different matter entirely) there is absolutely no dougbht that the cyclist was in the wrong, he/she should have stopped and waited on the other side of the intersection as to not block the intersection How do you get that telemetry in the video feed? I had an idea?! 
Why not ask if the person was ok that got hit? 
Instead you offered the idiot on the bike camera footage to protect him.
Typical cyclist crap ! Same here in London,
The roads are not just for you so you can pretend your part of the Tour de France! the walker had a do not walk sign and the biker ran a red light...two idiots collide Absolutely the same situation happened to me today but there were no traffic light
  just a zebra .I was the pedestrian .So i was about to cross the zebra all the cars stoped (quite tight car alley)and than i sow the cyclist , i tought that he will stop too but he didn't  .I  shoul have waited for him to stop or cross, before i cross the zebra but i didnt which is my fault and than he hit me  .He behaved like it was my fault (i was fine there was just i litle pain in the arm and i was going to school so i counteen walking )but is it mine or his or probably our? Why do cyclists, think every one else is so stupid ?  A cyclist runs into a pedestrian, in a cross walk, and try's to say it isn't there fault ?? I mean I'm no expert on bikes but if he in the last seconds realised the person wasn't moving couldn't he quickly manoeuvre to the left or right of her? Ask yourself are you a pedestrian or a vehicle? what does the law say about vehicles stopping for pedestrian crossings. Stupid old bags walking just like they drive... poor lil old asian lady was just going for her morning walk. little did she know that she was going to get run over by some pink shirt bike riding fag, who was more concern if he had the light or not than the well being of the person he injured. walkers>bikers>cars. Amazingly you produce adrenaline when riding. I'm Dutch based and I'm producing dopamine, all due to the bicycle friendly infrastructure over here. I don't even need a helmet to stay safe. I'm riding an E-bike for commute and shopping; never had an accident. Cheers, and stay safe there! Truthfully speaking, imho, it was both the cyclist and pedestrians' fault. The reason for this is the fact that the pedestrian should never have been on the crosswalk at all since the light at the time was red when he was there. The cyclist was at fault because the law specifically states, you should not enter an interesection if you cannot legally cross the intersection before the light turns red. If you are going slower than the posted speed limit at the point of no return which is the solid line before the crosswalk right as the light is turning yellow, you will not be able to cross the interesection fully without the light turning red. The cyclist did not fully cross the intersection before the light turned red and as a result hit the pedestrian as he was attempting to cross at the crosswalk illegally. Therefore, both people were at fault since the light was red on both ends while on the crosswalk and intersection. i cant believe people are defending this cyclist. the roads are full of hazard's.
next time it could be a child or a elderly person or even a pregnant woman.
makes no difference because these stupid insensitive people cyclists feel it's never there fault.
simple point the guy is on a crossing he as right of way.
he clearly noticed cyclists not slowing down and frooze not sure whether to step back or forward.
by that time it was to late.
end off i hope he got legal advise because the video only helps one person the guy crossing The kid who got knocked down on the crosswalk was ... a kid. Kids are about as predictable in traffic as dogs; they're hazards. They could - and often do - dash out into traffic without warning. Drive accordingly. Fucking idiot cyclists including the poster of this video going at that speed, they clearly had no intention of stopping even if the light was red. Orange does not mean just carry on speeding especially given it turned red before they reached the crossing, given the speed they were going it indicates it was orange for some time before they entered the crossing. The poster then just stands there gawping for 5 minutes....fucking freak. Go and help or move on, don't stand there gawping like a moron.
Something tells me that the cops won't be seeing this video from the guy who hit the pedestrian. well the video is clear...dear pedestrians keep your ass out of the road while """"DON`T WALK"""" is on! This is a good lesson to remind us cyclists that driving a car once in while gets us more aware of some dangers. If any of us whould had been in a car, he/she would had stopped easy. Legally the Biker was not liable, but you have to admit the (kid)(correction old lady) saw the bikes and stood perfectly still to make it easier to avoid him and the cyclist was such a lump that he made no attempt to turn.  He was just so incredibly lame that it was hard to watch.  The cyclist has the hand eye coordination of a turnip, that is not illegal but it is rather sad. 
NY Traffic law
PEDESTRIANS' RIGHTS AND DUTIES ARTICLE 27: Section 1150. Pedestrians subject to traffic regulations. Pedestrians shall be subject to traffic-control signals as provided in  section eleven hundred eleven of this title Im watching videos about cyclist crashes cause i just came from my ride with my bike broken because of a fucking retarded opened the door no checking the mirrors before You ALL (including the morons behind you that I didn't notice at first) ran a red light its clear as day the light is red and your not even half way through the intersection 2:15 , the law states when you see yellow slow / prepare to stop, its yellow 2:12 and your 125 feet from someone on foot, who is already in the crosswalk. If the person on foot (old asian woman) 2:41 was where she was not meant to be then you were even more so, at least the person on foot was only 10 feet from a sidewalk. Could have easily stopped, but like most idiots on bikes you don't think the laws apply to you...you wanna guess what happens if you run a red light and hit someone in a car? By the way Its illegal to ride in a crosswalk. If your going to ride in the crosswalk you must dismount and walk. Its also illegal for NYPD or any marked city/government officials to park in a bike lane or any where that will interfear with bicycle traffic. Technically the Pedestrian is responsible for her own injury and is at fault because she was jay walking on a red light when she was not suppose to. Plus since she was nocked to the ground the cyclist could be sued for stopping and failure to yield to pedestrian in a crosswalk. I ride a road bike as long as I can remember and on the crossing lines I always always slow down even if nobody is there. From the video that crossing place was full of pedestrians also. That cyclist was crazy and extremely irresponsible. NYC looks awesome on your cam At first I thought it was a footpath, but later realised the pedestrian crossing has the walk and don't walk. The people crossing the footpath would then be walking on the don't walk sign. This means they are jaywalking. The distance I seen the light been amber the bike was about 3 metre from the cross line. I would imagine it would be in the cyclists best interests to get across the intersection before the lights change green on the other side. I know in Western Australia when the lights turn red, it takes another 2 seconds before the lights change green for the other side. Lots of drivers run red lights. It is absurd the bad drivers we have here. Seems the cycling infrastructure there is not very good. Perth has reasonable cycleways separate to the roads. We have a large percentage of cyclists not doing the right thing and also car drivers. In Holland there re separate cycling and pedestrian lanes. Cyclists have right of way. I have seen 70 year old women ride bikes not the least over weight. (in Holland) I have copied and pasted the meaning of an amber light in the UK from traffic signsandmeanings.co.uk
When AMBER is lit up alone it also means, “Stop” at the stop line. The AMBER light is next in the sequence and when it appears you should bring your vehicle to a complete halt at the stop line. However if you break the stop line or cannot get stopped in time and in a safe manner then it is best to continue with your journey. As shown in video, the cyclist had more than enough time to stop at the stop line. If your argument is he could not have stopped in time, then he was approaching the lights at an inappropriate speed to do so. simple! To all you hypocrites in the comment section, the light is clearly yellow, even when they're in the middle of the junction. If you pause at 2:16, you can see the pedestrian light is still red, end of! Are you not required to stop, when there are people on a pedestrian crossing? Why should Garmin support you? Dang. I am always on the side of the cyclist. I also commute 40 miles a week. He clearly ran the red. Hopefully they threw the book on him. Young white men never have respect for elderly asian women. the light was on amber when he entered it.   he was doing 15mph, and could have safely stopped before entering the intersection. here is a handy safety film from the California DMV to help educate you on the correct use of traffic lights.    please watch.    especially you lycra warriors out there, trying to save the planet.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJjhQyU0Wlw  that is all y'all 1:11 wow that guy is a classic asshole
Is that how men really talk around each other? So what part of the states is this? Looks pretty chilled out and diverse If someone is j walking, it doesn't give you the right to run them over. Learn to use the *brakes and look at the road, people. Oh damn, this was in NY? You both may have had the light, but the pedestrian still has the right-of-way because she was on a crosswalk, at least according to most states' laws. In my state you are legally fucked if you hit any pedestrian on a crosswalk, no matter if the dude was texting and blatantly stepped out without looking. But when the pedestrian is not on a crosswalk, I won't stop for them unless the light ahead of me is red, or if they are directly in front of me. I despise people who just step out into the road without a care into the world, thinking everyone else will stop for them. Unfortunately, that has already gotten several pedestrians killed because they either didn't look first, or they were texting. We all hear about texting drivers causing accidents, but texting pedestrians can be just as bad. 
That said, I think the other guy had more than enough time to slow down and stop or go around her. when I enter any intersection, my hands hover over the brakes, and my eyes are scanning for hazards. Too many people aren't paying attention, and you have to be aware of everything and everyone around you in order to be safe. I'm glad she wasn't terribly hurt. From a legal standpoint, the cyclist was (most likely) in the wrong. Be aware and be safe....and keep on 'crankin :) Dumb ass broke the law by not slowing down for the yellow and running a red light. I hope he was arrested and gets sued. don't run the red light and there's no need to be sorry for hitting someone. CYCLIST SHOULD BE ARRESTED. CLEARLY RAN THE RED LIGHT.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y29/Sal29/Asshole%20Cyclist.png lol, right by Midwood HS. We should ride together sometime. Yellow means proceed with caution, also on the moment he hit her, the pedastrian light went on go. The cyclist didn't even slow down. She was wrong to even cross while it was red, but still he hit her while the pedastrian light was go. Taking it to a judge won't do him good. He was in the wrong out here. 
I also find it disrespectful that he parked the bike against that car, that is just rude! 

Before anyone complaints against me, I cycle every day myself as well and cycled through a lot of different countries. Where you biking from to get into the city man? Streets look very nice. Cool video. What kind of camera do you use? Sub for sub? But what happened did he close his eyes or zone out or something? Man this comment section is toxic. Honestly both are at fault, the pedestrian should not have been crossing but the cyclist could have done a lot to avoid this too. How do you get those stats in the (bottom left of the) video? Nice atittude of you, providing him the video! I hope it has ended up well for cyclist and pedestrian! THIS WAS THE PEDESTRIANS FAULT. END OF STORY. Just because there's a crosswalk there doesn't AUTOMATICALLY GIVE PEDESTRIANS THE RIGHT OF WAY. They ONLY have ROW when the LIGHT IS INDICATING THEY CAN CROSS -- WHICH IT WAS NOT. PERIOD. There is no arguing this. The cyclist legally entered the intersection, stupid person starts to cross then realized the light was red and shouldn't have stepped out, tries to backtrack (which is ALWAYS, ALWAYS the wrong thing to do -- drivers and cyclists are expecting you to continue in the direction you are going or stop, not to backtrack) and bang. That's what you get for being fucking stupid and ignoring the lights. Not only did the first cyclist not slow down for the amber, despite people being on the crossing, but he also went through on red. The second cyclist who was behind him still went over on red when he could easily have stopped. This isa  typical cyclists method of riding. Run lights and weave through pedestrians. Dayum, what a shit show that was.  Another good reason to have the bike lanes painted green-she likley would've been more aware of walking into traffic.  Bikes/bike lanes are still a pretty new concept to a lot of people and don't have the same 'fear boundry' cars get.  They were """"J"""" walking and she, even worse stopped in the bike lane,  but that was a legit oversight-bikes not being in the fore front of people's mind still.  The cyclist though, had seen the people crossing and didn't slow down- regardless of the yellow light, he's still allowed to procceed and not slam on his brakes for it; but if there are people there, just like a car would have to, he needs to slow down (he actually sped up to be 'less in the yellow'- a stupid move being there wasn't even cars waiting to make a left; he was just hot roding, squeezing the pedestrians, thinking he was going to be cool, being an absolute goof), especially when riding with a group of riders, you can't just assume pedestrians will all cross briskly and gingerly- beyond what she did, they could trip or drop something or change thier minds etc, they're very agile and can stop/change direction really fast.  Cyclists, typically in big cities have developed a bad habit of coming way to close to pedestrians; they need to be given adequate space.  Getting hit by a cyclist is just about as bad as being hit by a hockey or football player or worse because of the bike being made of metal/hard materials.  She broke the law, but it's more his fault for not yeilding to people walking infront of him.  He also reacted poorly,  he wasn't aware enough of his surroundings, so knowing there was only a bike to his left and rear; where if he had been, the better choice would have been to swerve left, risking, but not guarenteeing if done just right, hitting the camera guy, which would have been the far less damaging accident, them moving side by side at a similar speed in the same direction, the camera man could have also swerved-being there was no on coming traffic.  The camera guy could also have seen it coming, if he was a better cyclist and moved over giving him swerving room before it happened, and could have yelled out to him but didn't.  Another part of the issue is the group of them riding too close to each other; part of the reason he didn't really hit his brakes was likely fear of causing the cyclist behind him to run into him from behind.  
  But overall the cause was very experienced and smart people who ride their bikes aggressive (more seemingly than actual) and get away with it because of how aware they are, how they predict things, how they give room for errors and unkowns to occur; and literally do everything possible and neccessary to prevent issues before being 'aggressive'; unseen to all the other cyclists that just think it's cool, and that they want to do it too, and then go out there and hurt people and themselves.  Not really any different than what happens in cars etc.  Theres people who can do things and get away with them, and the people who think they can do it too, and fuck it up for the few that are being a lot more careful than it looks.  It's important not to ride as fast as you can, but to ride as fast as you can think and track your surroundings.  Though bikes usually only go around 20 mph, most cyclists are fatigued, reducing their abilities, which puts them and others at risk.  Keeping track of your surroundings requires using even more calories, and if your putting them all into propelling yourself, your going to get hurt or hurt someone.  Most of all, follow the laws and use the same jugment you would while driving a car, because when your judgment is impaired, it's hard to realize it, so by doing that you take a lot of risk out of it.  Keep up being goofs and they'll pass laws requiring us to get insurance, and you'll have fucked it up for everyone.  Stop being so hip, and just ride your bike. I am ok if you wanna ride the bike, but it's about time you guys start respecting the laws. The light was yellow WAY before you crossed. Actually you can clearly see the light turn red while you all are still in the middle of the crossing. The pedestrian took an unnecessary risk standing where he was, but you guys where all in the wrong. If you wanna use the bike, fine, but you gotta use your brakes once in a while. Truth is...you don't cause you're too lazy to put down your feet and start over, and that applies to almost every bikers in every country I lived in. You should have broken that guys mirror that drove on the bike lane You can see that he ran the red light, The light is red when the bicycle is in the crosswalk.
That cyclist should be charged with attempted murder.
He tried to do this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EQA_Cm8SKw Cyclist's fallow pretty much the same rules as cars and trucks right? Than it's pretty easy to say who's fault it was, if he can stop than he should stop. He has atleast 10 yards to see those people and slow down incase some or one of them didn't se him. Meanwhile drivers kill people everyday and the woman was fine in this even though it was her fault . Hope the bike wasn't damaged . how did the story end? I mean, in the video it is clear he ran a red light (so did you :p ) pass on the left. Pedestrians already present have right of way. Love your videos man Some of the comments below are really toxic... you've been warned. ¯\(ツ)/¯ 100% the cyclist's fault. He RAN a RED LIGHT, not a Yellow. His rear wheel is on the crosswalk when the signal is RED. That means that he's not even IN THE INTERSECTION when the signal turns RED. 
 He should get a 500 ticket, and get his bicycle impounded. I feel really sorry for that lady u know where is that music coming from? do you broadcast music from your helmet? """"It was a new bike"""" Had the same thing happen, sucks so much to crash a new bike because of someone else... dickhead... the light was amber before he went into it.   and where I come from  (maybe its different in third world countries)  a pedestrian on a crossing has right of way Light became yellow for pedestrians when exactly he hit her :):):) I just realized he's riding a bike at 4:35 Hey in the first 5 secs how come none of the bicyclists (including you) stopped for that crosswalk? It's illegal for a car to go through a crosswalk if there is a single foot on the crosswalk, is it ok for bike riders though? You could of hit someone too. Just my opinion Eugene but the cyclist who had the collision with the ped.Would it not have helped reduce the chance of colliding if he approached the crossing slower? I WISH YOU MADE THESE WITH MORE FREQUENCY THEY ARE SOOOO GOOD!!!!!! Have to say, the sound effects add a lot of charm to these.

Love these videos. Stay safe out there. Did you ever hear an outcome for the pedestrian accident? Thank you for sharing the information with him. As someone who takes insurance claims you more than likely saved him a lot of hassle. Not many people actually stop to even provide contact information as a witness, much less a video. Hello, would it be possible to use this video in my US  Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description would it be possible to use this video in my car crash Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description Sorry I actually meant to post it here, which camera is this? Hello Eugene D  , will be okay if i use your clip in my upcoming compilation video?
 Credit and link will be in the description! 
Thanks """"I had the light, right?""""  Yes but you're still required to look where you're going and you can't just ride into pedestrians who stand where they shouldn't. That's why you look both ways before walking. 5:51 """"We're all just trying to get to work"""". I guess the cab driver is already at work Hey Eugene, sweet catch! Glad you had a helmet cam to show what really happened. Any idea what happened to the pedestrian and cyclist?
Also, I wanted to ask you if it was possible if I use this clip in my upcoming compilation? Credit and links in the description, as always will be provided. 

Look forward to your response, tanks! Oh man, if you record in 4K daily, how big is your file size at the end of the day? What city is this? Looks like one giant hazard. Man I need to get a camera.... and a helmet. Hi Eugene D, would it be possible to use this video in my US  Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description Out of curiosity, what did you use to get the speed and stats onto the video? Is that from the Garmin? What would happen if there was a partially sighted pedestrian crossing the road? 
Cyclists should be fined for ignoring traffic lights, they nearly always cycle through RED, if a car hits the bike its the car driver held to blame. I really don't see the problem here.  The biker was going behind the walker not blocking his way in the least.  Maybe his wife was mad at him so he thought he'd take it out on this poor biker Wtf man that guy just threw himself in front of that cyclist. That cyclist obviously was very conscious about where he was riding and you can clearly see he was avoiding the pedestrians. It is a zebra path and the pedestrians have priority there but it's not a stop sign. There weren't any pedestrians standing or walking in his direction. If that pedestrian didn't turn around to rage at that cyclist nothing would have happened. That is why we should run into pedestrians whenever we catch them in the bike lanes..  fascist fucks! Well done you, damn bikers think they own the road  !! Knocking idiots down off their bicycle is perfectly acceptable.  Bicycles that disobey the law deserve tough treatment. Nitpicking pedestrian obviously with nothing better to do. It's not like the cyclist raced through a crossing swarming with disabled pensioners, there was a clear, large gap and he went for it. I bet you people praising the pedestrian stand like frozen lemmings when the light is red but there's not a car in sight. The cyclist wasn't interfering with anyone else's day here. Buy that man a pint!!!! the bike guy didn't do nothing wrong.....he was going around him not like he was aiming at him, dam you guys are dramatic I nearly killed a biker when turning left in an intersection, she came around the corner from behind a bush even though she had a red. I followed her and asked her why she couldn't wait 1 minute, and she said """"well you're a driver right? If you had hit me, you would've gotten in trouble and I could sue you"""". She then attempted knock me over and ended up falling off her bike and cracked her phone screen as her phone fell out of her pocket. It was pretty amusing. Moral of the story is please follow the rules of the road, and don't ride with your phone in your front pocket. this is why I hate cyclists. they always think they're better.
yesterday I hate a bunch of retired wannabe cylcists merge in front of me when there's a perfectly fine and wide bicycle path. on top of that, they start riding next to each other, taking up the entire lane. I freaking cut them off when I passed them, they make me sick. 

also had one (who should've been driving on the bicycle path as well) screaming at me and getting so mad for passing them. like no piece of shit I'm not gonna follow you another 10 km on a 70 km/h road where you're going 35. and I shouldn't even had have to pass you. cause you shouldn't have been there. and again, these two idiots were riding next to each other. 

I don't remember doing shit like this when I rode my bike. heck, I wasn't going to try to get hit by a car!? I'd have taken down that pedestrian with my bicycle.. Always one idiot. All the rest stopped. Moonwalking back and touching my bike and you'll find yourself sore walk home. The pedestrian would have been out the way but chose to step back in the path of the cyclist. The cyclist is an idiot but the pedestrian is no better here. Both need to stop acting like pricks and show some respect and maturity This is why cyclists should have number plates to identify themselves. The ped should dress up as Gandalf the next time he does this.
YOU, SHALL NOT, PASS! If the guy would have kept walking, he wouldn't get hit. Always someone who has to get offended for no reason. This pedestrian deserve fuckin medal I actually cannot believe there are people on here defending this cyclist. All your comments are incredibly inappropriate. The cyclist calculated how fast the pedestrian is walking. If all parties woulda kept walking nobody would have gotten into trouble. But to say that more cyclists should be dying on the roads is highly questionable and can only come from somebody who’s not into cycling or sports. Yeah it’s the cyclists fault that he didn’t stop and the pedestrians that he stopped - SAD Wonder if he would jump in the way of a Motorist who didn't stop at a Zebra Crossing? didn't think so These fucking cyclist don’t fucking hardly stop at zebra crossings or traffic lights. this happened to me once, but the cycling ended up on the floor after trying to swerve and hit the kerb. His wheel was twisted beyond repair. I told him my van was parked up nearby and asked him if he wanted a lift, to which he replied, yes please. My reply was """"fuk off and walk"""" Anyone want to give this guy a hi five? I'm a cyclist but would do exactly the same - too many fuckers with a sense of privilege, I bet these people would be arseholes if they were driving too. Good, screw that cyclist.  Bike riders have killed pedestrians they run into, so they need to take heed of them as any other road user should. As a cyclist: I say well done to the pedestrian. The rules of the road apply to everyone! I ride a cycle and motorcycle in london but I will never understand some of these cyclists that behave as if they don't know where their brakes are, we really need more enforced laws and on the spot fines for these assholes ruining london.
London is not a race track and you are not immortal. And the cyclist still thinks he did nothing wrong you know what my my little one and partner were almost across the zebra crossing today and a cyclist didnt stop and almost hit my son. i know its not all cyclists doing this but ive noticed a trend now when some cyclists even shoot through red lights. this really has to stop! WTF the pedestrian was walking away and turned around. the cyclist clearly didn't do anything wrong. What kind of city requires cycling commuters to dress like Tour de France participants? This looks quite bizarre from a European perspective. Now I'm a vehicle, now I'm a pedestrian, now I'm a vehicle..... top bloke, good on him. The lycra menace must be stopped. for assholes like that, that don't obey traffic laws, always carry an umbrella or a walking stick to put in between their spokes let them walk the rest of the way, it's a simple concept if they put your life in danger, you put their life in danger, does one wrong make a right, does two wrongs make a right or does it make for a good learning experience. please do not try this. I am not responsible for your actions. What is it with cyclists and their douchie looking lycra? Good man. that cyclist was a total knob head, gives cyclists a bad name. yeah, pretty tired of cyclists following the rules only when it suits them, i watched the same thing, two lanes of traffic stopped for an elderly person crossing, bike flies through and nearly knocks them down. had i been in the front of the queue id have followed the biker and told him where to go but i was 4 vehicles deep. Hero! Good job. Some cyclists need to learn that to earn the protection of the road rules, you need to follow them. The pedestrian went out of his way to stop the cyclist, who posed no risk to him. Why didn't the pedestrian throw himself in front of the taxi at 0:03. Hypocrite! Or the pedestrian was just having a bad day...... Bikers that wear tights never have any respect for anyone and bikers that wear normal clothes are always kind and courteous. This is why i carry a walking stick. just pop it in the front wheel and continue your day. It's people like this who look for a fight then start crying when they get their jaw tested. Which is what would have happened if he tried to pull that shit with me Typical cyclist who thinks he can do what he wants when he wants without reference to anyone or anything and if it all goes wrong they scream victim there was nobody walking beehind that man ? dont understand there was no problemm at all well done that man. it's simple common courtesy to stop for pedestrians at a zebra crossing, especially when everyone else has stopped. I love cycling and on the roads, but I don't like cyclists who do this or any other law breaking such as jumping red lights. The bloke crossing the road probably experiences this quite often and probably some near misses, so he's rightly pissed off. That guy should have knocked him straight onto his arse. People were allready on the crossing. I ride motorbikes and have laws to follow, why shouldnt toy bike riders too.  And some compulsory third party insurance too. That is awesome, good on him (the ped). another twatty cyclist I think the pedestrian was out for trouble. It is a set up. If the guy was going so fast. How come he could stop even though the pedestrian was trying to cause an accident. Try that in Amsterdam. Highway code Rules 19, 194 and 195.  People complaining about the taxi nobody was crossing, but you can clearly see someone is crossing from left to right plus the guy the cyclist was trying to mow down or intimidate. The pedestrian created a hazard. If a vehicle did the same as that cyclist and ignored the crossing, I wonder if the pedestrian would put himself in the same danger. Either way, I would not create unnecessary danger. The cyclist used his eyes, found a gap and he was even going slow enough to avoid hitting the foolish pedestrian. There was no problem. All laws have their flaws. Pedestrians where approaching the traffic island when the taxi driver went through ( legal)
The cyclist went through when pedestrians where on the crossing which is illegal . Obey the traffic law like everyone else you dumbfuck cyclist, I say this as a cyclist myself, that guy just makes us all look bad. How come it was OK for the taxi driver to do exactly the same thing to him at 0:03? So are we all just ignoring the taxi driver on the other side of the road that does exactly the same thing at 0:04 as the cyclist does at 0:06? My 2 year old son was knocked down by a cyclist in N4 crossing on a green man because a cyclist thought 'there was no traffic' so he could jump his red light while turning left. I really think London cyclists need to stop their culture of entitlement and danger and play by the rules like everyone else. I have no respect/sympathy for cyclists who have their road 'rights' infringed when they are clearly the vehicle group who flout the law the most. Ped was looking for a fight. Whilst I do not condone the cyclist not stopping, neither do I agree with the pedestrian's reaction. Post the near miss there did not appear to be an immediate threat to the pedestrian’s person: he had ample opportunity to simply continue on his way, or at the very least, create some space between himself and the person he wished to remonstrate with.

Instead he appeared to double-back only to repeatedly pursue his intended target in a highly threatening manner; including getting in their personal space whilst making physical contact. This to me would be sufficient grounds for self-defence.

And whilst all this is going on he’s stood in the road risking injury or death from traffic. It could have ended much worse for him and not just from someone who isn’t prepared to take chances with his body language... http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/1997/2400/regulation/19/made
'No pedestrian shall remain on the carriageway within the limits of a crossing longer than is necessary for that pedestrian to pass over the crossing with reasonable despatch.'
""""IT'S THE LAW! IT'S THE LAW!"""" etc. The law is that cyclists must GIVE WAY to pedestrians on zebra crossings... which he does (aiming to cycle behind him) until the flat-cap wearing idiot backs up into him, just so he can delay all the other road traffic. What a prize tool that pedestrian is. Typical Cyclist. They want respect from drivers, yet never show the same to pedestrians. Can't we deport them to the middle of the Serengeti, and leave them there?  Bloody Lycra menace. I would have knocked that pedestrian over if he got close to me like that. Fucking tool Had I been the pedestrian there would have been a small collision leaving the cyclist sprawling on the road, such cyclists are a menace.
BTW I am a cyclist. Cyclists - who also use the same roads as motorists and motor-cycles, should ALSO have to pay a licence fee to use the roads. Think what THAT would bring in Mr. Chancellor! """"It is an offence to wilfully obstruct free passage along a highway without lawful authority or excuse."""" f'kin idiots on bikes. Lived in Cambridge and Brighton, both extremely cycle-centric places and STILL they act like entitled pricks. He was going around the pedestrian. What's his problem? Stop a Douchebag UK, good on the Pedestrian to get in that fuckers way and hold him up I don't usually watch twice but this was bad ass!!! Evening Addy, would I be able to use this in my weekly compilation series please. Credit and links will be provided as standard. Kind Regards There's always one on a bike who lets the rest of us down. Well done ped My fault or not, if someone would invade my space like that dude... Oh boy, this would have been on worldstar and not youtube... Dutch version. https://youtu.be/gkTd9cLcVD0 No one: 




Ow fock u mate 
Wtf are u doin!?! Did anyone see the spit that fell out of his mouth 0:42 Pure Turkish  accent👌🏻
AR YU FAKİN BLAYND 0:07 He Said The F Word as a Turkish guy I can assure you that he’s %100 Turkish :d Push him and run my guy that easy Why you coming fast If I was mechanic I would said: it's fine mate, its happend to all. This moron should be fire 🤣 Anger issues next time when going under a car may be you should wear a helmet hahahahahahah i love the way he says """"With my head"""" lmao What the fuuucckkk how was this 1 year ago😨😨 WHY YOU CUMMING FAST? Some say the man on the bike hasn’t gone anywhere and is still standing in the same place. #DontGoAnywhere fkin typical evil inbred vile musl!m cunt im in uk just like these guys in the vid and can say 99% of musl!ms are just like him..pure evil.. god bless tommy robinson ♥ Turn on auto captions and go to 0:15 “You can’t see me, are you blind?!”😂😂😂 the boys at my school say this all the time😂😂😂😂😂 The guy recording should put a claim in anyway, the guy under the car had his tools laid all out on the path or should've kicked his car off the jack throwing his bike around like that He’s literally bleeding and the guy says he isn’t 0:34 Lol you commit no crime, and then he intenitally damages and temporarily steals ur bike. The guy who banged his head on the car was infact very lucky. If the car came off of the jack it could have crushed his head in the wheel arch! 😱 Should have taken his bike so he cant do this again... if they want to ride around on bikes like children treat them like children Clearly sivasland - yozgatish - east turkey attitude who works probably in kebab shop. He waited for his blood going back to his brain again and ask the idiot you heat me - i heat the car. That idiot was probably shocked with the accent and behavior of Turkish man Shouldnt be riding on the pavement for a start. 0:49
if that was my bike, that dude would have been absolutely dead (not litterally, but you know what i mean) I hope the cyclist got a slap for this totally needed a slap shouldn't be on the pavement or the road Guy in the green is Turkish I am amazed that he didn't kill that cyclist there and than.  I knew him personally for very long time. He would lose his temper instantly and beat the shit out of cyclists That not the full video this video has been edited and tampered with. The cyclist is responsible for injury to the pedestrian The Pedestrian could press charges  on the cyclist for assault and use of a deadly weapon on the pedestrian. Learn English with Mohamed: Chapter One Why is the cyclist on the sidewalk? He drools so much Stupid arab, I would hit him for his screaming. The twat should pay for any damage he caused to the bike when he threw it! How did it end? Why the fuck did the cyclist post this? To prove how dumb they are? The cyclist actually hit the wall before the guy and lost control so it's kinda nit his fault but he was in the sidewalk\pavement The guy he hit sounds Turkish? This is one of the best fucking things I have ever seen 😂. I'm here from Premises channel.
Funny as f**k video!
I'm pretty sure it's illegal to work on a car on the public highway unless you are a breakdown service and I didn't see an 'Angry Man Recovery' van nearby! I just gotta ask?
What was the end result?  And ya, I'm here because of Premi... cyclist should be charged with assault. Hey pal, can I repost this on my YouTube channel? I would of punched that dude in the face after throwing the bike WHY U FACKING COMING FAST!? I JUST HIT U HIT ME AND I HIT DE CAR WIT MY HAT! I don’t think the high visibility vest is working Dont blame him for getting mad Dont get on ur bah ARE YOU FOCKING BLIND, YOU CHANT SEE ME? Why u comin' so FASS?! YOU HIT ME

AND I HIT THE CAR

WITH MY HEAD

YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I'M SAYING? The mechanic's in the right though tbf People, if you are biking SLOW then you are allowed on the sidewalk. Not every road has a bike lane. If you are fast enough you should be on the road though.
This guy is overreacting too much considering the guy actually stopped and got off. Here from the Sidemen 😂😂 Anyone else came here from Tobi's (tbjzl) video? 😂😂 Who's here from sdmn GTA sidemen anyone? Sidemen?? who came from the sidemen's gta 5 video? Zerkaa told me to search for this...I was not disappointed... Who else is here from the sidemen gta vid tho 😂 Literally...accidents happen...no need to be pissed off. YoU cRASh Y u hitT mE No DoNt gO ANYWHERE DONT GO ANYWHERE DONt go ANYWHERE “Am I bleeding?”
“No”

Lol he was bleeding A R E  Y O U  F U C K L I N '  B L I N E ? ! ? loooool Anyone got the full version
? douchebiker is at fault. Looks like the jack slipped during impact and car dropped a bit hitting the guy in the head. Guy is justifiably pissed off at the douchebiker. Bmw=idiot Key question is: What was this moron on bike doing on the sidewalk? Where in the word 'sidewalk' is the 'bike' part? Its actually normal for someone to get angry if they get hit in the top-center of the head. That specific spot, if hit,  makes people really angry. What a sensitive drama queen. I am surprised cyclist didn't beat the living shit out of him after he threw bike around. I would've clearly been self defence. So much morons in comments... it makes me sick

I mean, c'mon, a guy is hit by a stranger, is unhappy about it, and everybody is spewing hate on him! What kind of brain damaged are you? so reverse the scene. if the car hit a biker.....cops....insurance...possible case of suing for personal and emotional stress in court.... what an idiot. He deserved a bunny hop to the face It doesn't matter your race, religion or social standing, we can all agree that cyclists are cunts. u just cant ride a bike
u very bad at it This is why it's illegal to be on the side WALK, you aren't WALKING.. Can you tell model and date of manufacture of this TREK bike? sorry but this was funny as fuck man :'D. hope you and yer bike are okay lol fuck mahomet black vs arab UK, MUSLIM, BMW - TRIPLE AUTISM!!! Dude, calm down, you ain't even bleeding. WTF. Fuck that dude. It was an accident. I would have gave him a real reason to be pissed if he got in my face like that. You can tell he has an anger problem. LadBible brought me here. I know 😂😂 Funniest video in the world , I can't breath youre at fault. the pedestrian could be crossing the road. plus he wouldnt expect a vehicle coming from the opposite direction The real question is, what is more dangerous, not using a crosswalk or cycling the wrong way down a road? It's not funny. I got hit by a bike today. But he hit me a lot harder than that and I'm all scraped and bruised up. This is far from funny. apparently two wrongs make a right now? So here's the thing - technically speaking, I would say the cyclist is in the wrong here. It is not generally illegal for pedestrians to cross a roadway with exception to tolls and freeways. In all other areas, it's pretty much legal except where there are signs indicating otherwise.

However, it is not legal to ride a bicycle the wrong way down a one way street, especially weaving between cars and active lanes to do so. Biking the wrong way on a busy street holding the handle bars with three fingers No hands on the breaks with slothe like reaction time. THIS IS YOUR FAULT and this is how things get squashed it happened get over it. but if a black person was involved they would have stood there arguing for the next two weeks So if he was driving a car or a motorcycle In a one way street going the wrong direction and he runs someone over, would it work then if he said *why didnt you use the crosswalk.

Or can they do what they want but pedestrains have to fallow the rules and cross at crosswalks? hear him say wasnt using a cross walk so it cancels it out? i wudda slapped him The scary thing is he thinks he has the right to rude that way. Dumb shit bicycler! I'd have beat his ass for that. the bysclist is dumb -Cycling the wrong way
-Not concentrating
-Cycling that close to cars when you know someone could open their door or pop out from behind

Wanker the cyclist is a fuckwit, they always think they have the moral highground, but most of them are twats and ignore any laws of the road. The cyclist was 100 percent in the wrong according to the law. A pedestrian ALWAYS has the right or way. The cyclist was going against traffic and in this case he was operating a vehicle.  He struck the pedestrian and would be fully responsible for any injuries the pedestrian suffered.  The biker has a greater duty to exercise care in this situation. this was a reasonable exchange.  now imagine if it was worldstarhiphop type people they would be trading blows and taking the guys bike I was In the park today and this kid hit an old man and he fell and he just started cursing but wasent doing a good job at it cuz he doesent speak well in english and I heard him say some racist stuff im not even gonna write....but I have never seen anything like that so it was really scary cuz everybody was so quiet .....wierd..... Tired of that elitest cyclist attitude. Going the wrong way doing whatever they want. Notice at the end he feels the need to again verbalize that he wasn't in a crosswalk... gotta get that dig in there. Yeah, the cyclist was in the wrong here. He was endangering others by going the wrong way. This is how wars should be negotiated... Men, you can be made secure from the flames of hell.
All men everywhere have sinned. What follows our sin is eternity in hell, however Jesus will choose to save you once you commit your faith in him alone.
Jesus Christ is the sinless untainted son of God (Altogether God and Human) who was executed on the cross for our sins, (All the evil things we do) was buried, and rose from the dead.
Entrust your faith in him alone, and he will give you eternal life and he will forgive all your sins. Well that de-escalated quickly. I don't think it's technically illegal to cross the street mid-block, but it IS illegal to travel the wrong way on a one way street.  Another D-bag cyclist giving us good ones a bad name. Did this happen in Canada? i would of opened my car door on his bitch ass for going the wrong way -.- It's funny because it's a fat man and has all those layers of blubber to brace the impact but if it was an old lady that wouldn't be so funny now would it? Bikers need to stop salmoning unless they are gonna do it in the middle of the road where they can see people crossing from in-between cars. The dude on a bike is a dick.  I'm a cyclist, and riding the wrong way against traffic, is a dangerous, dick, move...plain and simple! Hello mate would it be ok to feature this in a compilation please? it will be credited with a link to your channel in the description as well as your channel name on the clip Hi there! Would it be Ok with you if I feature this clip in a compilation video? Fully credited of course! I'd love to hear from you soon! :) Huh, this is in Southampton city centre, near West Quay. I’d ask to take her out and then some. You know you hit her on purpose to teach her a lesson.  Cyclists do that kind of entitled bullshit all the time when they can just as easily apply the brakes. fucking cyclists........if he was driving a car he would have run her down and then said """"well its her fault!!!!""""......
Cyclists do not ride with due care and attention!!!... Damn lol It doesn't look like you tried to slow down. Cyclists and motor vehicles have a legal obligation to stop (if possible) regardless of the expected right of way. Pedestrians also have a responsibility to cross with care. Just because a driver has a green light does not absolve them from hitting a pedestrian. and her phone number is? or do you forgot to ask? just like I always forget to ask the girls. wow...this girl is such a bad bicycle driver ... a danger for others... should of had a bell Her punishment should be to be forced to live somewhere with horrible weather like Pennsylvania or Minnesota. LOL! I know women are horrible drivers but I hadn't considered that they're equally horrible cyclists :/ not sure about america, but in the uk pedestrian have priority on zebra crossing. So the cyclist was at fault. It's California, The streets are the same. No one stops for pedesterians and pedesterians walk right out in front of you anywhere on the road without looking...... I hate this cycle path.  Full of morons. She was passing others recklessly and that man obviously didn't look. Fucking dumbass should look both ways before crossing a bike path.  The girl wasn't at fault. How can you be so bad at riding a bicycle? Here (aus) those kind of crossings are zebra crossings where pedestrians have right of way, ie everyone has to stop for them, whats it like there?? I mean whats that kind of crossing? bikes dont have brakes?  steering? Stupid pedestrians are more dangerous than cars for cyclists. speeding ? pedestrian can't seem to understand that bikes can go over 20 mph The Pedestrian is at fault for Jay walking. Jay walking is illegal in San Francisco... hi TJ, Jay here from Box Genius, I'm  interested in your video and would like to feature it in a show we are working on. Do you own this video? Hi TJ , would it be possible to use this video in my US  Compilation? 
Credit and Links in the description)) Hey there TJ, crazy clip man! Any idea if the lady who was hit was OK? Seemed like a rough one.
I just wanted to ask you for permission, if you'd allow me to use this clip in my upcoming educational compilation on my main channel DDS TV 2 (with over 40K subscribers)? Credit and links in the description, as always will be provided, so you benefit as well of course. :)

I definitely look forward to your response. Thanks in advance pal! Like a moose in the headlights eh, cyclists do the same thing at stoplights and 4 way intersections so its ok. Personally... I would have been a bit more cautious round front street pubs mate....at that time... lol
But yes she should`ve looked.... I'm sure she'll be recounting tails in the pub of a """"bloody cyclist, flying down the road. They're a menace"""".
Or you could just look before you step in the road. Surprised that one's lived so long. Who could imagine? A bicycle on the road! What's next, phones without wires? Damn bike just CAME OUT OF NOWHERE!!!

Maybe you should put a bright flashing light on the front, or something ;) Nearly gave her a nose job there"
